
******************** VISION-NODE ********************
DATE: 2026-06-15 23:41
RESONANCE: 14.7977
CONTENT: TikTok

Own the signal.
 You probably don't realize it, but low frequency living is expensive.
 Most people think they can will their way out of physical tension.
 Or mental fog.
 Trying to focus on a chaotic mind is, like, it's like trying to draw a straight line in a room full of mirrors.
 You aren't broken.
 You're just out of tune.
 Estatics costing you peace.
 It's not about butts.
 It's about mechanics of the field.
 These more precisely tuned frequencies.
 Don't ask your body to relax.
 Force a recalibration.
 Well, it does the bridge between existence.
 in essence.
 I see people spend $100 on a single session when you can own the tools for a lifetime of sovereignty.


TikTok

 This professional kit is currently marked down to remove the barrier that keeps you from owning your repair.
 A focus frequency is a boundary that doesn't needactivate.
 And once you activated, you would have changed everything.
 But sometimes people feel like, I would like to be normal.
 What the fuck is normal?
 It's nothing normal about toxic toxicity.
 There's nothing normal.
 There's nothing normal about lines.
 Nothing normal about manipulating.
 And guess what?
 You make that, you make it uncool.
 You know, for a long time, all this bullshit was cool, because we have nobody saying it's not cool, but they have a couple people saying it, but a lot of people that believe it was like, a lot of people that listen to those people.
 you know some people about you.
 listen to you.


TikTok

 N listen to you.
 Anything is you think you're not listening, they always be listening.
 They can't let you know that they listen.
 They care about what their friends' name, but if anything, they really have influences and they're like, Nothing, I'm not saying any bad influences.
 influencers.
 Because let a person get around you, you start changing them, you start making a feel better.
 What happened, niggas?
 who got you acting like that?
 Who you feeling?
 Why are you moving different now?
 You change it.
 How am I change it?
 I the same person.
 I just think it differently.
 I'm just making better decisions.
 I'm not change anything.
 You change it because you see that I'm doing something different.
 the same.
 you're changing yourself because you want me to be myself.
 But you are prison.
 People was waiting for it, but at the same time, they was waiting for you to activate.
 But guess what?
 You never have anybody around you, trying to activate you.
 Have everybody around to try to keep you sleep.
 So I keep you dumb, trying to nipple you?
 You have everybody around you, trying to make you feel like you're nothing like you're not special?


TikTok

 You have everybody around each other.
 you, everybody's trying to keep you down, trying to kick you when he was down.
 Ready to catch you?
 you, you got, back, up.
 Got back, got back, got back, got stronger.
 You got backup.
 We back up healthier.
 Guess what you did.
 Everybody that got around you, you keep telling us.
 We healthy, right?
 Everybody got news as a kid.
 everybody know how you come again.
 But it's just like, I just believe, like, a lot of people don't, they don't like that.
 You, I don't know.
 I've been saying, since I came on the phone.
 I don't like that, they can't believe them take advantage of the game.
 That's it.
 all you want to do is only take advantage for no reason.
 Maybe because they make you feel so small, maybe people got me because they think you will cry about it.
 because they because know you make the emotional person, you make the emotional every sensitive.
 they do something to you, it really affects you, hurts your feelings.
 But I don't know, I don't be able to my feelings.


TikTok

 I trying to leave those long.
 No sex, but you got feelings, though.
 You know how to control it.
 You just know how to control your feelings.
 You don't know how to enjoy it from them.
 I take the anger out on you.
 You can be mad.
 You can be mad.
 But nobody needs you now.
 that situation, a circumstance, but you don't take anger on the next person.
 These people do that.
 They'll be mad and they take the anger on you, they yell like you, they want to project on you.
 you can feel it.
 And then you absorb because a lot of people know you absorb, they know your impact.
 impact do they absorb energy?
 But guess what?
 Because also transmute it.
 and turn it into something.
 You turn pain into power.
 You turn losses into lessons.
 You turn manipulation into clarity.
 You turn fake law into trusting yourself.
 And guess what? Like, you can send that money from me right now.
 They might not want to tell you, because you can't tell, you don't want to tell you, because they tell you, you're like, hmm, so I was right, cuz, right?


TikTok

 I was right.
 I wasn't right, bro.
 was right going on?
 No he was right, guys.
 No, he was my game.
 can't say he wasn't
 like that, you're right, though.
 Wow.
 Because it's you.
 Why do you play that to me?
 you grow, no?
 This is you grow up, nigga.
 I like you waited for this moment because they thought you was going to sit there, argue.
 They could pay arguments. They had these speeches ready for you, but you never gave them what they wanted.
 You never give them reaction that they want.
 But they want you to help them.


TikTok

That can help you with this.
 do I want you to know now?
 No, nigga, how can you win like that?
 We don't get to win like that.
 We get



ORIGIN/CONTEXT: future echo 
TikTok

How could you do?
 I gotta support it.
 First of all, I do that y'all know, I don't like, but I do it anyway, but do I get that?
 No.
 I'll let y'all out
 y'all fun.
 Y'all freedom? I can't control shit.
 I should be controlling shit.
 Because God do that.
 universe don't do that.
 Nature don't do that.
 Spirit don't do that.
 Why would they control you?
 You have free will.
 But just because we could, does not mean we should, because we can't be assholes
 Right, to be assholes.
 No.
 That's why we have free will.
 Because we can't think that.
 we don't gotta do that.
 It's a possibility, it's a thought.
 don't have to act on that thought.
 Because I'm here, right?
 I'm always I'm gonna be here.
 And there should be no governments.
 even if I want to be police people.
 none of that y'all can not grass people.
 you trying to bully people because of that.


TikTok

 don't end it on.
 If anyone was blocking,
 ain't gonna do
 take that back.
 Maybe somebody...
 At the same time, don't use your authority.
 you're saying to be a police officer.
 But maybe I told people I said, of course, you got cheap people like that.
 That's not right.
 That's not right.
 Because if I treat people like that, y'all would say y'all call me fake
 call me a book.
 Y'all call me ass.
 he's mean, even asking, he's a piece of shit.
 But that might be a piece of shit.
 Every girl that met me, you know, I'm not a piece of shit.
 Every nigga that made me know
 not a piece of shit.
 Every coworker I had, no, I'm not a piece of shit.
 Yeah, you'd be a piece of shit to me.
 You'd be an asshole to me. and you think, you think I'm supposed to respect you?
 Now, I don't want to respect you, but I still do. Because I'm just a good nigga.
 I'm a good boy, nigga.
 Tries to white said.
 I a good boy.
 I'm a good boy.


TikTok

 I gotta be, because if I don't, who the fuck gonna be?
 Because all y'all not being good boys, y'all being what?
 Thickheads.
 Because you want to get the people what they want to hear.
 You want to give the people what they want to see.
 Mm
 Should I join the festivities?
 How the fuck no.
 You probably would want me to.
 No, you no, you probably won't want me to.
 You want me being myself?
 You exactly want me being me, because me being me helped you.
 Me being me helps you grow and evolve.
 Why do y'all folk around start loving y'all? Because of me.
 I ain't gonna want TikTok.
 I need some type of, uh, uh, conversation.


TikTok

 Some type of residual income daily because I've run so many people to your platform.
 I ain't gonna lie.
 I was on TikTok doing my thing, do my duck Deezy, then out of nowhere.
 So many people came home here.
 Niggas was on Facebook, Instagram, YouTube, Snapchat, Twitter, cake, Rumble, Twitch.
 It was all over the air.
 I started blowing up over here.
 Now guess what?
 All the torch and kick motherfucking clips.
 It's just all on TikTok.
 I'm not saying they don't be on Instagram.
 I'm not saying they don't be on motherfucking YouTube shorts, but most of the majority is on that shit is over here.
 Why?
 I'm over here and I'm bringing niggas over here.
 I'm bringing everybody over here, because this is where I'm at.


TikTok

 And y'all know that, so can I get some type of acknowledgement? Like, no, I'm not either.
 I know y'all see my atalytics over there.
 Y'all see the analytics?
 Come on now, but listen.
 But see, y'all don't make me talk my own horn.
 I don't like me popping it. Because y'all feel like me popping.
 You're not even really doing all that.
 Really, nigga?
 Really, nigga?
 Let's be real, cuz.
 But y'all don't want to be real.
 Can we just be honest?
 If we all be honest, what happens?
 Doesn't everything shift and raise?
 Don't we all win?


TikTok

 Because everybody in the world want to win.
 Nobody want to booze.
 But if I lose, I got to take that on the chin though.
 I got to take that on the chin.
 I'm like, damn, I lost.
 I'm gonna do better next time.
 Don't we all want to win?
 So why we all can't win together?
 Well, we all can't have fun together.
 Why we all can't ball together?
 Why we going can't cherish each other and love each other?
 No, 'cause a lot of y'all want to go out here and be with people.
 Maybe they love you a little bit, but you want to come back to the person that really love you, but you did that, what was your?


TikTok

 I forget you, but what's today, actually?
 I don't know, right?
 I don't know.
 Yeah, I know I forget y'all.
 Maybe that's maybe that's the problem, game, because I forget y'all way too much.
 And I should be, I should be a lot more cool.
 But I don't know how to do that.
 I don't.
 I don't know how to be cool, but I know I can detach, I can cut you off, but that's about it.
 I'm gonna still be loving. and you know that?
 You want to come back over here?
 No, not after the shit you did, but you know, I'll forgive you.
 You know I would never hold on to that.
 You know I would always let that go.
 You know, I don't really care.


TikTok

 You know, I don't care about that shit.
 But the thing is, if I do something, you gonna care about that shit, you gonna hold on.
 You gonna like, no, nigga, we no, let's go.
 You did that, nigga.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So therefore, collect, they've been waiting on you.
 They're just waiting for you to activate, and you're already activated.
 They just act like it ain't happening.
 You know what I'm trying to say?
 Just acting like the game's still going on.
 Maybe the game is still on.
 But it just ended, they won the championship.
 is over with, game.
 You remember the game, actually over with.
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 They might as well just appoint you leader, but you're not the leader, but you are.
 Maybe, you know, I always say, you ever seen a movie where the nigga don't want to be deleted?
 don't want to take up he don't want to have the crime.
 But that's the reason why he should have it.
 Your comeback has them very, very terrified and worried.
 See, recently, this person or this group of people, they put on a mask for so long.
 They flew under your radar for so long because we all know after everything you've been through, you have pattern of recognition.
 You see red flags, and most of all, you have the sermon.


TikTok

 See, this person mask fell off because there was a disagreement.
 There was something that happened between you that they could no longer keep that mask on.
 And it fell off.
 And instead of fixing it, like, real friends do, they double down.
 They try to sabotage your name.
 They try to humiliate you.
 They try to isolate you.
 They try to do smear campaigns.
 And for what?
 You didn't do anything but see them for who they really were.
 It's a wicked, wicked world we living, isn't it?


TikTok

 But see, you had people switch up on you before all your life, but this has been your life.
 So that's not the problem.
 The problem is this person that you really trusted, you really thought in this cold, dark world that you met that one person that could really, that you could really trust, that you could really be there for, that was like you.
 And you didn't want to believe that they was like this.
 But sooner or later, the mask dropping you was like, again, you question yourself.
 Is there anyone out there?
 Is there anyone on this planet that has any weeds and only any decency?
 But everyone just, their match dropped, and it's the same cycle over and over again.


TikTok

 You see, secretly, they was watching you.
 They saw how people liked you.
 They saw how you was likable and how you was popular and no one had a problem with you, but they was hating on that light, but they saw something in you that they either could not attain for themselves or that they knew they should have had.
 Chosen one, you are the mirror.
 You are the universe.
 This world is a mirror.
 And you went on, thinking to yourself.
 Where can I run?
 Where can I go to?
 But you picked yourself back up.
 You still walk with your head high, you still smile, you still confident.
 And now those same people have secretly become number one fans.
 They're your fans, because never in a million years did they see somebody like you, because most people would have crashed out.
 Most people would have lost their minds.


TikTok

 They have lost their minds, and you know as well as I know that if anybody took 3% of what you had, they would just crumbling fall because that's how they work.
 You have to pay the car to beat the boss.
 Everyone can't be a chosen one. and everybody can't pay the cost like you have.
 Now, we know you pay the damn price after everything you've been through.
 But here you are, still confident, still smelling.
 Still walking, with your head high, like nothing ever happened.
 that's what makes you so great.
 Now they're terrified.
 You know what they're thinking?
 Wow.
 So I have really messed with this person?
 Because they remember those times when that mask started falling off and you try to warn them that I'm a chosen one.
 The most high is going to get you through what you did.
 But now they're thinking, should I really mess with this person?


TikTok

 Should I really have done this?
 Because what they did to you was so horrendous.
 They tried to make sure you didn't recover.
 That's how we get this world is.
 Instead of people apologizing, and all you did was seat up for who they were.
 And when they know you saw them, they said the best off.
 The mask is off.
 and they try to double down and do everything.
 But when you roll from those ashes, wow, they couldn't delete their very odd chosen one.
 Most people would have given up.
 You didn't walk around, treating other people like you was treated like a vengeance, trying to get your gift back.
 You didn't show up at work or in front of your friends and family with a bitter face.
 No one ever knows what you're going through.
 You never look like what you're going through.
 That light in you, man, it causes people to be envious.
 Now you want to go out of the loan.
 But you know what really hurts you?
 There wasn't a fact that they switched up on you.


TikTok

 No that wasn't that.
 It was the fact that this person flew so long under the radar, and you thought that maybe this is the one person that I may come across that may be genuine like me.
 Maybe I found someone who finally understands.
 See, that's what hurt, and I know it hurts.
 Because they passed the normal test of time where most people would have shown themselves.
 These people went off for a while.
 And when that mask that mask finally dropped, it hurt. Because you want to believe that somebody out there.
 You don't want to believe you're the only one.
 But you are.
 There is somebody out there like you, but you won't meet someone day.
 It's a cold, lonely world, but keep pushing.
 Yeah, terrified.
 You're watching you from burning pages.
 They trying to watch it from a distance because secretly they're like, I have to watch this person.


TikTok

 I need to learn from this person.
 What does this person have that I don't have?
 What is this person doing?
 They must be some secret.
 They even think you're practicing witchcraft.
 But no, you're just a chosen one.
 You didn't give up.
 You stayed in a fight.
 You stayed in a fight, and you stayed with the most high, you didn't give up.
 That's what makes you different.
 Everybody gave up a long time ago, but you kept the gloves on and you stayed punching.
 You're their hero.
 They want to ever look at you with admiration, wondering how you did it.
 And that's what makes you so special.
 That's what keeps a smile on your face.
 That's what keeps you pushing.
 Defin what keeps you chosen.
 And now they're terrified and they're asking themselves, maybe this person wasn't to be messed with.


TikTok

 It's not because karma hit them yet.
 Because that they witnessed a real-life miracle.
 I'll kid you.
 They doubled down.
 They try to destroy your life, but they couldn't nobody does that.
 And you've been doing it so long, you can take up a Blanded Chosen one.
 You think, odds got down, but I get up again.
 Thats what people do more strong.
 No, that's what people do when they're extraterrestrial, when they're supernatural.
 Human beings don't humans don't do that, but a spiritual being having a human experience, a human being does that, because you are supernatural.
 You survived the unthinkable.
 They do not just want you gone.
 They want to make you look responsible for your own destruction.


TikTok

 They use provocation.
 Tactics to push the victims to emotional breakdowns, not only emotional, actually mental, financial and social exhaustion.
 And one of the tactics is this scarcity mind games, which is coercive control.
 They strip everything from you to make you off yourself.
 And along with that, goes the stalking.
 The surveillance in you, the humiliation, and the harassment program?
 They violate your boundaries.
 They violate your civil rights.


TikTok

 when the victim finally reacts, they use the victim's reaction against them.
 This is, can happen in individual abuse or in highly toxic family systems, relationships, workplaces, social groups, or in controlling environments.
 If you're struggling with organized harassment.
 Coordinated attacks, you need to protect yourself, and do not engage with them.
 These people create constant pressure confusion, emotional exhaustion to push the target towards a collapse.
 And they mix this with financial abuse.


TikTok

 The victim's image, exploitation and humiliation rituals.
 Some of these tactics includes gaslighting, distorting reality, making you doubt your own perception.
 Especially in coordinated attacks and organized harassment, constant provocations, humiliations, mockery and validation trying to encounter you, to attack you.
 Provoke you until you emotionally explode.
 They also use smear campaigns to isolate you.
 So they can finish the job and make it look like was you.


TikTok

 They want to damage your reputation before you even speak.
 Before you expose them and before you even survive the attacks.
 They isolate you from emotional support.
 Financial support, emotional support, friendships, opportunities.
 Financial and professional sabotage, so you can depend on them.
 So you can call them and fall into their traps.
 They create obstacles to keep you unstable or dependent on them.
 Somehow, they use guilt or shame conditioning, making you feel wrong for reacting to the abuse, to the harassment to their dysfunctional behaviors.


TikTok

 They want to make you feel guilty for setting boundaries and trying to protect yourself.
 They also use blame shift, deny attack, reverse victim and offender.
 They also use induced reactions.
 They want to have access to you.
 To keep pushing you until you react emotionally.
 And they can record you and say, see, this person is very aggressive.
 This person is a criminal dangerous.
 This person is crazy, of course.
 We cannot forget the narrative control, manipulating how others perceive you.


TikTok

 To protect their criminal image and their criminal mindset and manipulating how people perceives them.
 Seeing them as the best ones, successful good leaders, incredible human beings, while they are portraying you as a trashy human.
 The worst individual in this planet.
 They also use chronic psychological exhaustion.
 Trying to keep you in a state of anxiety, hypervigilance, stress, and fear, they invade your space.
 Steal the keys of your home so they can invade your privacy.
 Your boundaries, and you feel unsafe in your own environment.


TikTok

 And they want to, feel free to get into your environment and harm you any time they want.
 And whenever they want, set up traps.
 Plant evidence poison you.
 Their goal is often not just to hurt you.
 is also to destroy your credibility, because once a traumatized person reacts, the abuser uses that reaction.
 To distract from the original abuse they're causing themselves.
 I'm telling you, these motherfuckers ain't shit, so give them nothing, no contact.
 And block them forever.
 Because their goal is to make the victim look mentally unstable.


TikTok

 When the abusers look calm, calculated, cold as they are heartless, no one single ounce of empathy in their fucking bones, and they're out there walking free socially.
 Convincing the victim's emotional reactions becomes part of the manipulation tactics itself.
 That's why documentation matters, especially in legal matters.
 Emotional distance always protect your boundaries, protect your mind,
 Your boundaries cannot be negotiated.
 Seek for support from safe people.


TikTok

 And ethical and honesty professionals are important.
 especially when you're dealing with organized harassment.
 Civil rights violation and extreme abuse of individuals.
 Because the psychological impact in prolonged abuse is real.
 He's very serious, and you need to protect yourself.



TikTok

 I didn't know. In the name of Jesus.
 Every devil got a flee.
 You don't have no reason.
 I'm bold as a lion.
 I don't.
 And start expecting breakthrough.
 You can choose right here, right now.
 To believe that if I brought you to this word, I am about to do something with it.
 I am not asking you to have all the answers.


TikTok

 I am not asking you to suddenly feel brave and confident, and sure, I am simply asking you to not quit, not today.
 Not tonight.
 Not when you are this close, because my child, you are so much closer than you think.
 The very fact that the pressure has intensified, that the enemy of your soul has turned up the volume on every lie, that your faith is being tested harder than ever before.
 That is not a sign you are losing.
 That is a sign you are approaching something the forces of darkness desperately do not want you to reach.


TikTok

 When hell panics, heaven is about to move, and hell is panicking over your life right now, because what I am about to release, what I am about to shift, what I am about to vindicate in your story, is going to silence every voice that bet against you.
 including your own.
 So here is what I need you to do, not to... tomorrow.



TikTok

 When hell panics, heaven is about to move, and hell is panicking over your life right now, because what I am about to release, what I am about to shift, what I am about to vindicate in your story, is going to silence every voice that bet against you.
 including your own.
 So here is what I need you to do, not to... tomorrow.


TikTok

 Not when... you feel like it right now.
 I need you to make a decision, a real one, not a wish, not a hope, a decision, that you are going to trust me even when you cannot trace me, that you are going to keep showing up even when you cannot see the full staircase, that you are going to stop letting your feelings dictate your faith, and start letting your faith dictate your feelings.
 You will have moments, many moments when you do not feel this.
 When doubt creeps back, when fear whispers that nothing is changing in those moments, do not trust your emotions.


TikTok

 Trust your decision.
 Come back to this moment.
 Come back to this choice.
 Remind yourself.



TikTok

 Trust your decision.
 Come back to this moment.
 Come back to this choice.
 Remind yourself.
 I already decided.
 I already committed.
 My feelings do not get to overrule what I know is true.
 I am with you.
 I have always been with you, and I am not going anywhere.
 The same God who brought you through every valley you thought would bury you is the same God standing with you in this one.


TikTok

 The same power that raised Christ from the dead is the same power at work in you right now.
 The same faithfulness that has marked every chapter of your life is the same faithfulness that will carry you through this chapter.
 And everyone that follows, you are not forgotten.
 You are not overlooked.
 You are not falling through the cracks.
 You are not too far gone.
 You are not disqualified by your past.
 You are not rejected because of your mistakes.
 You are mine.
 You have always been mine, and I do not abandon what I claim now.


TikTok

 Before this moment passes, before the noise of life drowns out this clarity, pray with me.
 Not a casual prayer, not words you have said, a thousand times without thinking, a prayer of surrender of decision, of finally letting go of the need to control, to understand, to see the entire path before taking the next step, Lord.
 I come before you tonight, not with perfect faith, but with honest desperation.
 I confess I have been running on fumes, pretending I have it together when inside I am barely holding on, smiling when I feel like breaking, moving forward when every part of me wants to shut down and hide.


TikTok

 But tonight, I hear you, I hear you saying, I am not done.
 I hear you saying, This is not the end.
 I hear you saying you have been with me through every moment I thought I was alone.
 And I choose to believe it, not because I feel it, not because I see evidence everywhere, but because I am tired of living in defeat when you have called me to victory, Lord, I surrender the timeline.
 I...
 Why does the Ethiopian...


TikTok

 Render the need to understand why?
 I
 render the demand for immediate results.
 I surrender the bitterness over what has not happened yet.
 over prayers that seem unanswered, over doors that remain closed.
 I lay it all down, not because I do not care, but because I am choosing to trust that your timing is perfect even when it feels painfully slow.
 Forgive me for measuring your love by my circumstances.


TikTok

 Forgive me for doubting your presence when I could not feel it.
 Forgive me for believing the lies that I am too much, not enough.
 Too broken, too far behind, too damaged to be used by you.
 Those are lies, and I am done giving them space in my mind.
 I silence every voice that does not sound like yours.
 The voice of comparison, the voice of condemnation, the voice of fear, the voice of worthlessness.
 I reject them.
 I cancel their authority over my thoughts.


TikTok

 I declare that I am who you say I am.
 Loved chosen called.
 Equipped victorious.
 Not because I have earned it, but because you have declared it, Lord.
 I need you to do what only... you can do.
 Break the cycles I have been trapped in, heal the wounds I have been hiding, restore what has been stolen, resurrect what I buried too soon.
 Give me breakthrough where I have been stuck.
 Give me clarity where I have been confused.
 Give me courage where I have been paralyzed by fear.


TikTok

 I do not ask for an easy path.
 I ask for a purposeful one.
 I do not ask to avoid pain.
 I ask for the strength to walk through it without losing myself.
 I do not ask for all the answers
 I ask for enough light for the next step.
 Just the next step.
 I will take it.
 I promise I will take it.
 Lord, fill me with stubborn, unreasonable, defiant hope.
 The kind of hope that refuses to die, no matter how long the wait, the kind of hope that looks at impossibilities and laughs, the kind of hope that irritates the enemy because it will not shut up, will not back down, will not stop believing.


TikTok

 Give me that hope, anchor it so deep in my soul that nothing can shake it loose.
 Teach me to rest in the process.
 To stop fighting what you are doing and start cooperating with it.
 To see this season not as wasted time, but as necessary preparation, to trust that nothing is random, nothing is wasted, nothing is too much for you to redeem.
 And, Lord, when I want to quit, when I am tired, when I am tempted to settle for less than what you have promised, remind me of this moment.
 Remind me of this decision.


TikTok

 Remind me that I already chose to trust you.
 Do not let me forget.
 Do not let me drift back into unbelief.
 Keep me tethered to this truth.
 I am yours.
 You are mine, and we are not finished yet.
 I offer this prayer with everything I have.
 In the mighty name of Jesus Christ, amen.
 If this word met you exactly where you needed it tonight, if you feel like this message was meant specifically for you, do not keep it to yourself.
 Share it with someone who needs to hear it.


TikTok

 Subscribe to this channel so you do not miss the next word meant to strengthen your faith.
 Turn on notifications.
 Become part of this community.
 We are not meant to walk this journey alone.
 Your breakthrough is coming, and you are going to be so grateful you did not give up right before it arrived.
 You have people in your family that didn't want to see you move on, and they didn't want to see you grow and progress.


TikTok

 They wanted you to stay stuck.
 These people don't believe in God.
 They don't believe in karma.
 Until now,
 Not all of them, but some of them believe in karma now, and some of them believe in God now, because they've seen God working on you.
 They know everything that you've been through is impossible to get through it all alone.
 They know there has to be a higher power at work.
 And you're the proof of God.


TikTok

 You're the proof that God really exists and that God really is faithful.
 That if you be faithful to him, He's gonna stay by his word.
 He always stays by his word.
 These people didn't believe in karma or a superpower, a higher power, but they believed in black magic.
 Because that's what they did against you.
 They sought to destroy you.
 They sought to put you out in the streets homeless.


TikTok

 They put money spells on you, blocked your finances.
 They put isolation spells on you.
 They even put beauty spells on you.
 They wanted you to look in the mirror and hate the image that you saw.
 They put insanity spells on you.
 They wanted you to lose your mind.
 They wanted you to end up in a hospital for the rest of your life.
 They wanted you to stay stuck and not progress in this lifetime.


TikTok

 But the most high said, hold up a minute.
 You're talking about my child?
 You're wishing all this on my child, my faithful and loyal child.
 The child that's always thinking of me all the time, my child that's always doing right by people, my child that's always sending out positivity and love.
 My child, that's always happy for people, being successful, that child, you think your stuff is gonna work on my child, you held on to the most high.


TikTok

 You held on to the Most High.
 You'd love God.
 And you love, you are love.
 You love God and God is love, which means you love, love.
 You love for the sake of love.
 And that's why they deemed you to be lucky, these people always looked at you and said, why are you so lucky?
 Even though you've been through the turmoil, you've had your fair share of trials and tribulation.


TikTok

 You've told these people what you've been through.
 You showed them the intensity of your past, and it went in one ear and out the other.
 They thought you were making shit up.
 They thought you were bluffing.
 And that's why when you walked away from them, they didn't think you had it in you.
 They didn't think you were strong enough to walk away.
 They didn't think you were strong enough to thrive without them, but look at you.
 You're making moves.
 You're moving in silence.


TikTok

 Every now and then you break out with a new accomplishment.
 Continue moving in silence.
 Continue creating new goals and working towards them.
 Continue working on your body, on your mental, on your emotional health.
 All of them combined couldn't stop you, because the most high is greater than all.
 You think if every person on this planet Croaks, that's gonna take away from the most high?


TikTok

 No.
 And if the population went up by 10 times, you think that's going to make the most high, bigger or smaller?
 No.
 The most high is the infinite.
 And you're the proof of the most high.
 You're the proof that when you stay loyal to God, and you follow the commandments, and you vibe in a high vibration, and you wish well for others, and you're actually happy for others.


TikTok

 And you try to uplift others.
 that God is gonna be there with you no matter what.
 And he's always going to elevate you in front of your enemies.
 You can't be stopped.
 The only way you could be stopped is if you turn your back against the most high.
 That's the only way.
 If you if you give your your back to the most high, that's when you'll fail.
 So you got nothing to worry about because there's no way you're going to do that.


TikTok

 There's no way you're going to do that because you've seen the evidence and you're the evidence now of the most high.
 You're the evidence that God exists.
 You're the reason why some people now, from your past, believe in karma and others believe in karma and God.
 It's because of you.
 They thought you were weak and frail, but you turned out to be stronger than all of them combined.
 You're doing this all alone.
 Of course, with God, but you don't have anybody by your side.


TikTok

 You're doing it all alone.
 You're making more moves than all of these people combined.
 You're an inspiration to so many people.
 You have no idea how many people you inspire.
 You inspire people in the grocery store.
 You inspire people at your doctor's office.
 You are a role model, an example, and an example for 1000000s of people.


TikTok

 Anyways, guys, take care and have a wonderful day.
 Peace out.
 Man, whoever I'm talking to, man, you're the type of person that walks to an elevator, you know, a understory building, and somehow, that, some beach is already waiting for you as on the 1st floor.
 Just waiting for you to get in and shit.
 In the middle of rush hour, almost every damn time.
 Meanwhile, like previous life, man, you keep straining your ass, like you got a VIP pass, and nobody else knows about and shit.


TikTok

 The elevator's waiting, the parking spot is always open.
 The last item on some random shelf, that's on the how, hasn't sold yet.
 You fucking get the wine when you're waiting, disappears.
 The 2nd you walk up and shit.
 And every time this shit happens, man, you're standing there looking around, wondering, there's just no way this is happening to me and shit.
 And at some point, you, man, you stop calling it look.


TikTok

 Start wondering, who's reserving all this shit for your ass?
 ahead of time.
 The person I'm talking to.
 And that's because whoever I'm talking to right now, you ask, and you've been blessed with the kind of work, that makes people shake their head and shit.
 You, man, you find money, you forgot about years ago.
 You show up, right?
 When something opens up.
 and you miss disasters by 10 minutes or an hour.
 You catch brace, that should have never have happened to your ass.


TikTok

 And after a while, man, you stop asking whether it's luck, and you start wondering.
 Why do I keep cutting your ass?
 These type of deals and shit, man.
 It's like, and you're in, let's make a deal.
 Man, whoever you are, the way these cards came out, you're just a lucky person, and what I said before.
 matches this perfectly.
 And remember, it takes one, take one resume.
 not every message is going to resonate with everyone.
 If it resonates with your ass.


TikTok

 Well, you're that person that gets lucky all the damn time, and you know who the hell you are and shit, because all kinds of good shit happens to you all the damn time.
 And with the 70 cups coming in, man, this is why people think he got some kind of weird look or queer secret with look and stuff. Because every time life throws options in front of you has, man, somehow you end up picking up the right one.
 Every time, but every single time almost.
 But enough times that people start looking at you weird or asking questions like, why is this so, bitch, so damn lucky?


TikTok

 You ever notice how some people can walk into an ice cream shop with 30 damn flavors and still somehow pick the one that tastes like shit?
 Well, this doesn't happen to you, ass.
 Meanwhile, your ass points at something random and ends up finding the best thing in the damn ice cream shop, a flavor that you never had before, but tastes like gold and stuff.
 That's what makes it feel like that something is just working on your favorite shit.


TikTok

that may fucking be in shit.
 man, with the page of pinnacles coming in



TikTok

Remembered an address that you didn't, that you needed or it just falls on your lap or you find it.
 One minute, one minute?
 Nothing's happening.
 In the next 10 minute, then everything's happening at once and shit. And you, whoever I'm talking to, and you're standing there, wondering, who hit the fast forward button and shit?
 And with the hangman coming in, and whoever you are, you're a human version of landing on your feet and shit, 9 lives and hitting the jackpot, all rolled into one fucking total package.


TikTok

 And the fucking funny part about this is some of your luck, and it comes from things not happening and shit.
 It comes from a delay.
 a cancellation, a missed opportunity.
 you getting fired from a job, unjustly shit like that.
 The thing that didn't work out, the stuff, that's how your opportunities in your world comes around.
 And most people, they see the stuff and panic.
 Then 6 weeks later, you ask that 6 weeks later, they find out that that delay saved their ass for fucking the disaster.


TikTok

 And that's your life.
 The person I'm talking to. Happy luck.
 Man shows up wearing a fake mustache, pretending to be bad luck.
 And with the night of pentacles coming in, man, this is why streets keep on going for you, ass.
 And that's because you, you don't rely on walking shit.
 You actually show up, and you actually do the damn work and shit.
 You keep going, you moving and staying active and stuff, whether it's fast, whether it's slow, but you do it consistently.


TikTok

 You do it steadily.
 That's why life, the amazing life that we have here, keeps meeting your ass halfway.
 The elevator's waiting for sure for your ass.
 But you asked to walk into the building.
 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck.
 Oh my god, the wheel of fortune.
 Well, now we know why and shit.
 That's because at the center of this whole fucking thing sits pure, dumbfounding luck.
 Not lottery ticket luck, but pattern luck.


TikTok

 The kind where things keep turning in your favor over and over again and shit.
 The kind where people watch your life and start saying, how the hell does this keep happening to that person and shit or to your ass, the person I'm talking to?
 Because luck happens once, but this keeps happening over and over again to you, ass.
 That's the damn difference.
 And remember this.
 Some people spend their whole lives trying to figure out how to keep pulling rabbits out of damn hats, how people keep pulling rabbits on our hats.


TikTok

 Meanwhile, he's just trying to figure out why, like, he's handing your ass, the hat in the damn 1st place.
 And remember, Big Poppy doesn't send friend request, and he does not send the ends, and he's sorry ass. Tried to do that shit, team, man.
 They were just trying to take your money.
 So don't fucking let them do that shit and report their ass immediately.
 And that's because, in taro, there's only one big motherfucking poppy, and this is him right here.


TikTok

 Thanks for watching things for the follow.
 Come join me because you know I fucking tell you the truth and I tell her like it is.
 And you know the motherfucking cars don't lie, and neither do fucking nah, you lucky SOB.
 Thanks for watching.
 Collective, you know you have cheap, achieved the level of peace or this level of, like an upgrading your life when things get quiet.
 I'm not saying it's a bad thing for things to get quiet, but, you know, it used to be a lot of noise.
 I'm not saying you blocked out the noise.
 I really feel like you've been bunked out the noise type shit.
 But it's just like, Things get quiet.


TikTok

 I'm not saying people don't got nothing to say no more, but it's just like, aim over.
 You have, you have achieved a level of peace, level of balance, a level of, this new energy.
 When things get quiet, you know, it used to be a lot noise, but the noise don't last for that long no more.
 You know what I'm saying?
 It used to be lottery shit, like the speakers was booming on 100%.
 I was like, Eh, no, y'all really here like that?


TikTok

 Used to see a lot.
 Now you really see nothing no more.
 type shit.
 You feel me?
 But it's like,
 It's like they still playing along, like the game hasn't ended.
 You know what I'm trying to say?
 They're still playing, like the game has over.
 But the game is over already.
 As it really used to be loud, never used to be, maybe, it got quiet and silent because you stopped reacting, you know?
 Never used to be more reactive.
 Not saying in a bad way, not saying that it's a bad thing.
 But you used to just be more reactive.
 Now I was like, you don't really respond.


TikTok

 You be, you be a lot more silent.
 You'd be a lot more focused on you.
 Because, like, they used to have, they used to want you to focus your attention on them rather than you.
 They want you to, they want you to focus your attention on them rather than your business.
 No?
 Instead of looking at how many customers you're thinking, you're looking at all your customers.
 Instead of looking at how many reviews they get, well, you never really cared.
 You're paying attention to all your shit.
 No, you just focusing on you.
 Like, it's not that loud no more.


TikTok

 If I used to be.
 But it's really not.
 'Cause nothing, there's nothing more to say no more.
 Ain't got nothing else to say no more because they are defeated, as be real.
 They just still playing along, like the game is, like the game still exists.
 A new game has came out.
 You.
 But no funny shit, though.
 It's just simply not that loud no more.
 I'm not saying people don't got nothing to say, but it's like things are genuinely turning in your favor.
 I really feel like things are naturally turning in your favor because you ain't have to get political with it.
 You know how, I really feel like when you a spiritual person, when you have a vibration person, when you are a very aware person, when you have every tapped in,


TikTok

 9 times out of 10, what do people expect?
 People expect that person to go political.
 People expect that person does time to initiate a war, but you don't do any of that.
 You just, you just get on hand, speak your peace, you speak your mind, and that's about it.
 Because they hear you the 1st time.
 You ain't gotta keep me saying that.
 You ain't gotta find nobody.
 You ain't gotta sign no deals.
 You ain't gotta get in certain rooms to talk to certain people.
 ain't gotta do all that.
 All those people in those room already heard you.
 They already know what you stand for.
 They just don't like that.
 You not doing it the traditional way.


TikTok

 You doing it your own way.
 You're not doing it in a traditional way.
 You're doing it on your own way.
 You doing it genuinely in your own way, whereas it's bringing peace to everybody.
 Everybody's being more peaceful.
 All this fighting, energy, all this war, energy is calming down.
 People are not that rowdy no more.
 If anything, people trying to have fun now.
 People trying to party now.
 People not really on an extra shit no more.
 Even if there is, it's a little bit going on, but it's not really all that.
 Because the game is really over.
 The noise has one dime.


TikTok

 It's like you got noise canceling headphones now.
 But you don't even got headphones on.
 Like, I really feel like everything you do, it's like you a wave.
 Like, you always wave.
 Anything you do, people get the copy and I'm not saying it's a bad thing.
 It's not genuinely a bad thing.
 Because it's just you.
 If you was to go, if you was to wear wire headphones, the whole wireless start wearing wire headphones.
 If you used to go get some AirPods, the whole world, like, fuck these white headphones.
 lets go to get the AirPods.
 If you was probably to cut this shit, everybody cut their shit.


TikTok

 Let you get locked.
 Everybody want to get locked.
 You get what I'm trying to say?
 But it's like, everybody wanted everybody to focus on them, they want all the energy.
 They want all the attention.
 They want all the money.
 They want all the, you know, they want all the popularity.
 Not saying that you're popular, I'm not saying that you want the popularity.
 You just naturally got it.
 And I really feel like a lot of people may hate you for that, because how the fuck do this naturally God?
 How the fuck you just naturally go?
 How the fuck this shit just naturally turn into your favor without you even have to lift a finger?


TikTok

 like, you don't even got to say nothing no more.
 But you continue to get ahead and speak in peace.
 You encourage everybody, you uplift everybody.
 But it's like people still want to remain the villain.
 They gotta be the bad guy every day.
 And some people got tired of some people getting tired of being the villains.
 they don't want to be that no more.
 A lot of people just want to live.
 They wanna have fun.
 Other people want to do shit with their kids and not.
 How the fuck can we do all this fun activity shit? If niggas don't know, they had shit and niggas heard you.
 Because you, I feel like you're not the type to want to see people in jail.


TikTok

 You don't want to see nobody in jail.
 If anything, you want everybody to be free, so we can all do shit.
 But what niggas do?
 Niggas do, I'm shit, go to job.
 They want niggas to, they want niggas to pick up the phone.
 One nigga is sending money.
 Mustn't be out here trying to get money.
 Was me out here trying to be free.
 And we out here trying to stay clean.
 And we out here trying to do the right thing.
 That's not, that don't mean do the right thing today.
 I mean, do the right thing.
 Every day.
 Not when you just feel like it.


TikTok

 Even when you think I'm not watching, do the right thing.
 Even when you think I'm not seeing it, do the right thing, even when you think I'm not listening, do the right thing.
 'Cause it would be me, you would tell me the right thing every day.
 You get on my ass, every day.
 Every day, you'll get in my ass.
 Just because it's me, right?
 Like, that shit crazy.
 Like, everywhere I go, niggas gotta say something about me.
 No, I'm not saying it in a bad way.
 I was not saying they got to say something about me, but it's like, Niggas are like everybody else wrong.
 But let it come to me.
 Because it's like, I'm not saying it's a bad thing, but you ever, everybody else can not get no type of repercussions.


TikTok

 But everybody telling you, pushing you to be your best version of yourself, you know?
 But it's like they trying to control you type shit.
 They want you to be a certain person for them.
 They don't want you to be you because you being you turns everything in your favor.
 But it's not in a bad way.
 Your favor is just God's favor.
 Your favorite is peace.
 Your favorite is tranquility, your favorite is elevation.
 It advances everything.
 That doesn't mean you don't want that speed it speed it up.
 That don't mean you don't want to starting it.
 All the toxic, the drama, the generation curses, it all ended with you.
 It didn't start with you.
 It just ends with you.
 But that doesn't mean in your life, that's it for everybody.


TikTok

 And that shit crazy how you got an impact on everybody, right?
 How you touch the hearts of everybody.
 So it's going to get to a point where there's nothing but piece, you know what I'm saying?
 It's just nothing but happiness.
 It's just not the Baha vibes.
 This is not the but communication, the intimacy.
 It's no more dumb shit.
 Even if niggas doing it, it's small.
 It's going down.
 Every day. Only thing that's going up is peace and positivity.


TikTok

 But they want you to do it in their way.
 what they think peace would be like, what they think peace looks like.
 or how you initiate peace.
 You got your own way of doing shit.
 And I really feel like that's what a lot of people may not like.
 Because they was already planning for you, a person like you because you was literally the only person. You know what I'm saying?
 Like, why do you think they got all these superhero movies?
 That shit based off you, literally.
 I'm not saying they scared of you because you never wanted people to be scared of you.
 If anything, you want people to be cool with you, want people to approach you, but they just nervous.


TikTok

 They are, they literally is scared you for no reason.
 They don't even have to be.
 You don't have to be even doing nothing to them.
 They just feel seen, they feel, they feel just.
 They feel like they being evaluated.
 So what you think when you're around, people got to be on their best behavior.
 When you're not around, niggas, not only best behavior.
 So why the fuck are you on?
 you on your best behavior when I'm not there?
 Why you can't, why you on your best behavior when I'm around?
 Why you don't want to be in your best behavior when I'm not around?
 Why you choose to be that when I'm around?
 As soon as I want, that's like, that's like Smokey.
 When he leave, I'll be talking again.
 That's basically what the fuck you know.


TikTok

 Why you can't talk when he was right here?
 Not saying here, do something to you, but that's basically saying that's intimidation shit.
 And you don't, and naturally, you don't intimidate nobody.
 It's naturally intimidated. Because that's like that's like niggas looking at God, basically.
 Niggas looking at his shining armor.
 Niggas looking at something that they can't pierce.
 It's like, the game is really over.
 There's no more games.
 There's no more manipulation.
 If people are manipulating, it doesn't really work no more.
 It really only work on everybody that's playing a game.


TikTok

 You the only thing that didn't join Jumanji.
 Everybody's still trying to find a way out that world.
 Everybody was trying to find a way out that world through you.
 But then you want to talk about nibble at you and be gaslighting you and think they can still enter the world.
 No.
 Got to be righteous.
 Niggas hurt you every day.
 Niggas been listening to you every day.
 Ever since you came on here, being positive niggas here, every world you said.
 Nigga, it's 2026.
 We can't get away with nothing no more.
 They on everybody's ass.


TikTok

 Not just my ass.
 They don't everybody.
 They not playing with us no more.
 y'all.
 And I'm not playing with y'all either.
 But y'all right, y'all rather play with me because y'all know I don't have the power to block you.
 I'm not about to confiscate niggas guns.
 I not about to take away nigga shit.
 I'm not gonna do that.
 But they will.
 But yeah, yeah, y'all not worried about them.
 Y'all worry about me.
 If you wasn't worried about them, why would you do some agent shit and run from them niggas?
 You would stay right there.
 But evidently, you are worried about that.
 So evidently, don't do it.
 Be right.
 Do righteous shit.


TikTok

 But, no, you don't wanna do that.
 Because you think it's cool?
 Who told you what's cool?
 The niggas that did it before you?
 Them niggas that did it before you, they ain't trying to do it no more because they know there's no point in doing that.
 I wanna live life now.
 It's just we all want to look life, nigga.
 The game has ended.
 Aw, can't.
 Nobody can see it yet.
 We talk.
 For the person building in silence right now.
 The people around you don't understand what you're doing.
 They see you pulling away.
 They see you saying no to things that you used to say yes to.


TikTok

 They see you getting serious and they calling it different things.
 You think you're better than us now, you change.
 You want some different stuff.
 Here's what they don't see.
 They don't see the 5 a.m. mornings.
 They don't see the money you stop wasting.
 They don't see the conversation you walked away from.
 They don't see the version of yourself you are building, and that's fine.
 Because God sees it, and the version of you that's coming, they'll see that too.
 You don't owe anyone a preview of what God is building in, some things are scared in the construction phase.


TikTok

 Not everything that's grown needs been on. Locked in.
 Keep going.
 The testimony is coming.
 And it's going to speak for itself.
 Chosen one, you're becoming more powerful.
 You didn't post for attention.
 You detonated reality.
 And now they're choking on your truth.
 You weren't looking for likes.
 You were looking for blood.
 One post, that's all it took to fracture the illusion, and now they can't scroll without feeling the sting of what you said.


TikTok

 You didn't go viral.
 You went venom.
 Your words didn't trend, they infected, burrowed into skulls, set off sirens in every mine that wasn't ready to be cracked open.
 You spoke, and the walls began to bleed.
 They told you to be quiet, to stay soft, plain nice.
 You smiled, then sharpened your teeth.
 You were never built for applause.
 You were built to unmake things, to tear the masks off the sheet, and make them look in the mirror until it's screamed back.


TikTok

 Every time you speak, you leave ash in their chests.
 That's not inspiration, that's survival.
 That's war, disguised as a sentence.
 And oh, how they hate you for it, but they can't stop watching.
 You haunt them now.
 You're not a creator, you're a curse, a walking contradiction.
 You didn't rise from nothing.
 You crawled out of the grave, they buried your voice in.
 And now, now you're grinning, with dirt in your mouth and fire in your eyes.


TikTok

 You're the glitch in their program.
 The virus they thought they could control.
 See?
 They never feared your silence.
 They feared what would happen after it broke.
 They thought you were lost, broken, done.
 But you were just charging, coiled in darkness, swallowing every insult like ammunition.
 They mocked your quiet until it exploded.
 When it did, it wasn't just a scream.
 It was a detonation, a blueprint rewritten in blood and chaos.


TikTok

 Now they're spiraling, spiraling hard.
 Because you showed them what a real voice sounds like, when it's not filtered, not polished, not puppeted by fear.
 And it terrifies them, because deep down, they wish they had the guts to do the same, but they won't.
 Because comfort is a hell they chose.
 And you, you burned the map.
 You let the whole system rot and made your throne out of its remains.


TikTok

 Don't mean it.
 It didn't do me any harm.
 It might well see, but whatever that means.
 I know you see me in a nice dream.
 Stuck in a place that felt make believe, a tragedy for me, yo.
 So I play nice and do right for the rest of my life.
 A little homie tripping over nothing. Harbor than that fast car.
 Third gear's one running on a pedal with a press of a button automatic is where I'm gunning with a click of a button.
 The stick stays stuck in the main drive.
 Sorry, but I have the hard line through the hard times and get through them like a necktie.


TikTok

 What life?
 Got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try.
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most proper.
 you ever told of.
 But the difference is on microscopic.
 It was never road up.
 So now I call it out on everybody so tough.
 Mind don't matter, water and a cup, cup.


TikTok

 Obviously, no star. Yeah, uh, I be, I be as soon, no star.
 Y'all mean, it didn't do me any harm.
 And Mike will sleep, but whatever that means.
 I know you see me in your nice dream.
 Stuck in a place that felt make believe, a tragedy for me.
 So I play nice and do right for the rest of my life.
 Yeah, yeah, little homie tripping over nothing.
 Harbor in that fast car.
 Her gear is where I'm running on the pedal with a press silver button.


TikTok

 Automatic is where I'm running with a click of a button that sticks stays stuck in the main drive.
 Sorry.
 But I have the hard line through the hard times and get through them like a necktie.
 What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime?
 So I give it on my best try.
 And vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told.
 But the difference is so.
 Microscopic.
 It was never rolled up.
 So now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I moderate in a cup.


TikTok

 Chosen one stands on the edge of a destiny so powerful that nations themselves begin to shift in recognition of their rising significance.
 In this universe, countries rearrange strategies, alliances tilt, and an $800 billion accord waits in quiet anticipation, destined for the emergence of a single extraordinary figure.
 World leaders and legendary magnates uncover a hidden truth.
 The chosen one carries a rare spiritual signature that sets them apart from all others.


TikTok

 Whispered reports from elite circles confirm what few dared to imagine, that this individual embodies a holiness capable of reshaping the very structure of global order.
 As the story unfolds, symbolic debts vanish, gates of influence open, and the chosen one is elevated into the highest registry of an elite order that governs the fabric of this imagined world.
 Before we continue this life changing revelation, take a moment to do three things.
 Hit that like button, subscribe to help us read.


TikTok

 You were the best person that they have ever come across and have ever met in their entire miserable life.
 They will never have chosen one.
 I mean, ever find the likes of you ever again.
 You're not just the average person.
 Everything about you is 10



TikTok

more than an average human, 'cause I like a human, you are a human being.
 A spiritual being, having a human experience, while others are just fleshy, humans, sold their souls.
 Your life must be harder.
 It might be harder than the average person 10 times, but on the flip side, your love is 10 times harder than everybody else.
 They'll never meet someone with your logic.
 They'll never meet someone with your logic to talk things out, to be fair, to be spiritually intelligent as well as emotionally intelligent.


TikTok

 They'll never find that, because a lot of people say they was in relationships, and they love so hard that they gave everything.
 A lot, everybody says that.
 But that was just on a carnal level.
 You gave them things on a carnal level as well as an intellectual, emotionally, a spiritual level.
 You saw the best in them.
 They stay with you, they would have been eating healthy.
 A lot of you try to give them business ideas.
 A lot of you try to go beyond and just, I love you, let me do this.
 You actually wanted to see this person thrive.


TikTok

 It was sometimes more than you, because you don't have hate.
 You wanted everybody to win.
 But somewhere down the line, them demons infested in them, trying to hurt you, but it was really protection, getting away from them, caused them to convince them to take you for granted, chosen one.
 They took your empathy, your endless given chances, when most people have just left, you gave them chance at the chance, not because you needed them, because you saw the best in them.
 But in their carnal, ignorant, fleshy, human minds, they thought that you needed them, the people, the very individuals.


TikTok

 That's not even fit to kiss the very ground you walk on.
 And this is true.
 They thought they could come across a chosen one, and then that was it.
 Unlike everybody else, they probably would have used them and cast them to the side.
 But you, they used and abused, tried to cast it aside, but now they are going through it.
 They're not even making rational decisions at this moment.
 They're speed dating.
 They're doing things they never did before before they met you.
 They're on dating apps, just trying to get anyone.


TikTok

 But they are failing fast.
 They're getting with many people, but these people are hollow pieces of paper bags.
 People are ghosting them, killing your ego, not returning their phone calls.
 They'll never get it like you.
 They might find someone who may just love them and give them the best and put themselves above them on a carnal level, but they'll never find someone who's genuinely one of the best with them in Sodom, as a person that could be the best that ever lived.
 You gave them so much value.
 You gave them so much compliments.


TikTok

 You made them believe themselves in a way that they could never have, even if they worked on themselves for centuries because you chosen ones, grow fast, you are not of this dimension, and you live so many lives within this life.
 You've seen it all subconsciously.
 It's gonna be a cold, cold summer.
 That bed is gonna feel huge, like they're laying on an acre of grass with no one to roll over to.
 They're not gonna find another one like you.
 See, you were there to teach them and show them that there was a better way.


TikTok

 You thought you just wanted human connection, because you wanted someone, because you don't want to be lonely either.
 But from an aerial view, from God's eyes, from faith's eyes, you were supposed to show them what a real human being was like.
 what it's like to really work towards human excellence.
 But they'll never find no one.
 Now, everyone they meet after you is gonna be coming in every way, shape or form, in every angle and direction, from a carnal level.
 They feel like they just threw away a lottery ticket.
 Do you know what it feels like to win $300 billion for the 1st time in your life and lose the damn ticket?


TikTok

 That's how they feel with you.
 That's how they feel with you.
 They're watching you from Burner Page's chosen one.
 They're trying to gain access.
 They're trying to talk to people that you know that know somebody that knows somebody.
 It's like trying to get in touch with a celebrity because now you are valuable, you taking your time back.
 They never thought you would leave.
 They thought you needed them.
 They thought that they had it going on and you couldn't live without them.
 But when you made that choice and you was gone, it was over.
 It was over.
 Now they have to live with this for the rest of their life.


TikTok

 Now they have to think, what have I done?
 They may get with a whole lot of people after you.
 They may even get married.
 But they will always think of you, and that person they get with after you.
 They're never gonna be able to love them 100% because they're always gonna be thinking of you.
 Now they're cursed.
 Now they wish they'd never met you, because they can't get rid of you.
 They can live to be 200 years old.
 You will always be on their wall or on their dresser.
 They will always have that picture secretly of you and their clothes somewhere where their new partner would never find out.


TikTok

 and look at you and think, damn, I messed up.
 Stay chosen.
 God has got something for you.
 You're just in training.
 You're just learning discernment in red flags and pattern recognition.
 So with these faking these phonies, when they come to you next time, trust me, you're gonna be a lot more upgraded.
 And if you were the person you are now that this happened, you would have never let them in your life.
 But now you are that person upgrade, 'cause you're always grown.
 That was gonna be hard to get back in your life.
 They gotta put up big numbers to get back in your life now.


TikTok

 They gotta show and prove themselves, because you ain't taking chances with nobody.
 Your pattern recognition, your discernment, everything is super sharp.
 And that's what's the whole point.
 So you can bypass all these fakeries and then handpick and choose the real one.
 That's why it happened.
 But as far as them, I feel sorry for them.
 Yo, I'm here to tell you, you make moves with the naked I can't see, baby.


TikTok

 You make moves with the naked eye can't see.
 Listen, they try to monitor you through all your devices, through your phone, through your TV, through the eyes of others.
 But they say, yo, you making moves that the naked eye can't see.
 They can't even catch it on CTV, my nigga, you know what I'm saying?
 Yo, what I'm trying to say is, yo, you one of the illness in Nebraska, baby.
 You one of the illest to ever do this because listen, it's like, yo, you prophetic.
 You prophetic.
 Everything you said in the past then came to the future.
 I can understand why you just fell back and you just fell back like, boom and watched it all come into play, baby.


TikTok

 Hey, yo, I salute you, baby, because they saying that you shine.
 They saying you shine like the stars.
 They say you shine like the moon.
 They say you sound like the sun in the sky, baby.
 So naturally, collective, you provide people with with the greatest leisure.
 Baby, I'm talking about the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to have somebody that they can celebrate themselves out loud and proud in front of.
 And you did what I'm saying, and you're not going, hey, you're just going to celebrate.
 In particular, with them about whatever it is that is filling them up with so much joy, with so much hope, with so much love, with so much passion.


TikTok

 You did what I'm saying.
 Just one thing you love to see is people celebrating themselves, being passionate about the things that they love, putting it on display, and in whatever way that is that is genuine or authentic to them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And that's why people, you know, they know for show that, hell, if they can't tell nobody about the great things that are happening in their life, they know sure they can tell you.
 And some might even be a little apprehensive or a little hesitant to really even tell you, you dig what I'm saying, because they don't want to seem, they don't want to be bothersome or they don't want to seem as if they only want to just like dump shit onto you.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 But because you are so empathetic, people, they it's something that just pulls them to you like they just have to.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So even if it seems as if you aren't even in the best mood, even if you see, like, you don't even feel like talking or whatever the fuck, either way, people, you know, they dip their toe in the water, and even if you aren't having such a great day, you dig what I'm saying.
 You don't project the feelings that you are feeling within that moment because of the day that you have had onto others.


TikTok

 So no soon as they dip their toe in the water, they think it's hot, but really, you cool, you cool as a cucumber, you do what I'm saying.
 And now they have your undivided attention.
 You dig what I'm saying, especially if they have requested it.
 So, you have to know for sure that people notice this about you collective and it's very much so appreciated.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you a poker.
 You got a mean poker face, and you dig what I'm saying for the most part, you're really in a, you know, a pretty neutral state.
 Most times anyways.
 But, you know, uh, life, it doesn't happen to us all, but it happens for us all. And as life is happening for us all, sometimes some of those things may be a little unsavory, a little, uh, you know, they might inconvenience others or, you know, inconveniences all people in this, as spirits living in and sharing in this human experience.


TikTok

 And people know this for sure.
 And so when they dip, they tore in the water to see if, you know, you have the capacity to be, you know, receptive of whatever good news that they have, they are very much so, you know, happy to find out that even if you weren't having a good day before they got to that point with you in that initial moment, uh, they they just are, they appreciate you because you are still there for them.
 You are still celebrating them.
 You're still helping them celebrate themselves collectively.
 Mm.


TikTok

 And you gotta know for sure, baby, that is some real heartwarming shit, right?
 They are.
 ah.
 You still don't understand how loved you are.
 You don't, and it, I'm not gonna get emotional, but I kind of want to get emotional, if you know what I mean.
 Because you're somebody who feels like the world has had it out for you since you were born, things don't get easier.
 And this isn't like, you're not a victim, you're not in a victim mentality, but the world we live in now, especially, is extremely challenging for everyone.


TikTok

 It's extremely challenging.
 And when you're somebody who is an active pursuit of their dreams, it can be so crushing to have to exist in this matrix, the way that it is, the way that it is.
 And the lack of support you've had, the lack of emotional stability, the people around you, who they don't get you, they don't want to get you.
 It's just, I wish I could give you a hug.


TikTok

 I wish I could give you a hug.
 I really do, because you're capable of greatness.
 You need to be reminded.
 I am here to remind you.
 I'm not gonna make this video that long.
 I'm really not.
 It's straight to the point.
 You need to be reminded that you are so loved, you're so appreciated, and you may never actually know to the full extent.
 To the full extent, you're the type of person who's light could save somebody else's life, just by them coming into context with you.


TikTok

 I'm being serious.
 But you don't get it.
 You still don't get it.
 And it's like, you have, you've been there for people, but when you need people, there isn't many.
 There isn't.
 And that's not necessarily fair, but when God, genuinely, you need to remember this, when God intends to make somebody great, He has to break them over and over and over again.


TikTok

 You may not understand that.
 Some of us never will.
 Okay?
 To its full extent.
 But there is going to be a point in your life sooner rather than later.
 Where you, where you feel the divine's love, where you feel, the presence of God, like you've never felt it before.
 holding you.
 Like, yeah.


TikTok

 I've always, I've always been here.
 You know that.
 And you do know that.
 But it's so difficult.
 So many people lose their battle.
 So many people give up on life.
 So many.
 Every day.
 Every, every hour somebody loses their battle.
 And you're still here.


TikTok

 You still wake up, you still have an opportunity.
 You still choose to see the positive.
 You still choose to keep going.
 Do you know how powerful that is?
 Do you know the weight that you carry in the spiritual realm?
 When your entire life has been attack after attack, after attack, but you still keep pushing.
 Don't give up on your dream.
 Please don't, please don't.


TikTok

 Just, just don't.
 Okay?
 Because you don't know how quickly things can not only turn around for you, but how fast your life could change.
 It could be A resource away.
 You could be one connection away.
 You could be one opportunity away.
 You could be one networking event away.
 don't know.
 You never know.
 But that's why you don't give up.
 Some of you are on your last straw.


TikTok

 Some of you are just so complete.



TikTok

 Completely fucking done with it all.
 And I've been there.
 I've been there countless times.
 I couldn't even tell you how many times.
 I couldn't.
 But you have to keep going.
 Because of everything you've been through, it's not all for nothing.
 It can't be all for nothing.
 You know that.
 You don't really even need me to tell you, but Spirit had put it on my heart tonight before I go in.


TikTok

 to remind this collective, whoever comes across this video, that you are going to do great things.
 You're gonna do great things.
 You have to believe it.
 You need to believe me.
 Don't believe me, believe God.
 Believe that God sent this video.
 On your FYP to remind you to keep fighting.
 The spirit you have within you.
 is amongst the strongest.


TikTok

 Truly.
 You don't think the way that everybody else does?
 Your brain is different.
 Your brain is so special.
 And you just don't think the same way that everybody else does.
 And I'm hearing your angels directly say, I know that sometimes this feels like a fault.
 But this is actually a superpower of yours.


TikTok

 You have a literal superpower bra.
 You have a superpower.
 And... The angels are saying that over time, this is gonna make itself more known to you.
 I'm hearing you don't play games.
 There's something about the way that you think that breaks the narrative.
 You literally kill the games.
 And I feel like you could really be like very neurodivergent, neurospicy.


TikTok

 But I'm really getting this energy that you're not neurotypical.
 Like, you are not a neurotypical person, and you don't play the same games that society plays.
 And I feel like this could be something that gets you in a lot of trouble.
 Or you feel this way?
 I also feel like this could be something that causes you to,
 Come back at your brain.
 And maybe be a little bit mean about the fact that you're different, which is why this message is finding you in the 1st place, and it's because A lot of the lessons that you are learning, from your brain being so different, are lessons that most people throughout your life are just never going to understand.


TikTok

 And it's because your purpose isn't to make other people understand. Your purpose isn't to fight educational format.
 And I feel like when I say fight, I'm getting, again, play those games that everyone else plays.
 I just feel like you're not here to do that.
 And your brain is wired in a way that You can't play the games that everyone else plays.


TikTok

 And this might be something that's really hard for you because maybe it gets in the way of like your socialization.
 Maybe it gets in the way of you being able to connect with people in the way majority of human beings connect.
 I really do feel like you're probably someone who has very, very little tolerance for small talk.
 I feel like you're just like, I want to get down and roll in the mud or I don't want to be here.
 in conversation.
 Like you really, really probably feel benefited by very, very deep conversations.


TikTok

 I feel like there's something significant about
 Ooh, ooh, I'm hearing something really special.
 I'm hearing your angels say that because you don't play these regular games, your brain and the way that you think, the way that you experience your perception is going to automatically filter out people that are not going to assist your brain in being able to, I'm seeing like fire off or shoot off.


TikTok

 Like, um, like little, I'm seeing like little like, um, neural pathways lighting up.
 You're meant to surround yourself with people who light your neuropathways, who create that depth of conversation and who perceive and give you the ability to have that moment of like recognition where your neuropathways go, holy shit, there's more pathways to be had.
 Those are the types of people that you're meant to surround yourself with.
 And I hate to tell you this, but some of the most successful people in the whole world.
 I don't really hate to tell you this, but it's true.


TikTok

 And I feel like you probably have like a,
 so excited in this energy.
 You probably have like a really big purpose in working with some of the most successful people in the world because it's how you're going to assist.
 It's like you've been pre-programmed, or your brain has been wired in a way that you are always meant to, you're meant to be in a specific setting or a specific society, and you just don't have room to waste your time with neurotypical energy.


TikTok

 And that's why your brain works this way.
 You could also be someone who kind of like just never can hold your ground in social settings.
 I'm really getting like jumping from group to group to group to group.
 Whereas in you can dance between so many different friend groups, 444 on the timer, but you never really are able to stay.
 You are always meant to end up in the next place and it's because your brain literally doesn't have the tolerance to not be surrounded.


TikTok

 Does that does that work?
 To not be surrounded by brains that fire your cognition to a level where you can, you can live in your purpose.
 And I feel like this is something that you're really, really learning right now.
 Maybe you've been through many, many seasons where you've been trying to understand yourself, but I'm just so deeply being shown that anything that you're moving through is just your brain redirecting you to be in the places where you're going to have that beautiful confirmation, that beautiful energy of like ignition.


TikTok

 I feel like you deserve to be lit the fuck up, especially in conversation and especially in community.
 And so you're literally built to not be able to withstand anything that doesn't do that for you.
 And that's where you're headed right now.
 So just let.
 Whatever it is.
 Leave.
 Because you're going where you're meant to be.


TikTok

 You recently did something that put a tremendous amount of pressure on a group of people that have privately decided that they are going to compete with you until Dyer's end.
 But what you did recently has put a tremendous amount of pressure on this group of people to compete or to keep up with you, I should say.
 Because what you have done recently has nothing to do with your gifts and talents and natural abilities.


TikTok

 You have began to do something or embark on a journey that requires dedication.
 commitment, um, internal will.
 It requires a certain amount of self love and righteous desire.
 You have begun to separate yourself from the pack because a group of people that had it in their mind, whatever you can do, I can do better.
 You are doing something now that is forcing them to tap into an energy, to tap into a clean, a pure, a loving energy that they don't have.


TikTok

 And like I said, it has nothing to do with your gifts and abilities.
 It has everything to do with the fire and desire that is inside of you.
 It is a will to win.
 You, this is the final straw.
 Whatever they was able to do to compete with you or match up with you, this is the final straw.
 If you continue doing what you're doing now, the bowels are gonna break soon.
 You have put a tremendous amount of pressure on a group of people that were privately competing with you.


TikTok

 Going to... to participate in something powerful.
 You have felt even a flicker of hope while listening to this, I need you to help spread this anointing.
 Share this message right now with at least 2 people who need a miracle.
 It does not matter if they believe it or not.


TikTok

 Your act of sharing releases something in the spiritual realm.
 You become a conduit of blessing, and the same measure you give will be returned to you, pressed down, and overflowing.
 Do it right now.
 Pause and share this with two people.
 I will wait.
 Good.
 Do you feel that?
 There is a shift happening in your energy field right now by sowing the seed of faith through sharing.


TikTok

 You just activated a law that guarantees your harvest.
 What you make happen for others, God makes happen for you.
 That is not just a nice idea, it is a spiritual principle that never fails.
 Now, let us talk about the 150 million energy that is hovering over your life.
 I need you to understand something crucial.
 This is not just about money, although financial miracles are absolutely included.


TikTok

 This number represents complete overflow in every single area of your existence.
 Relationships that were broken are being supernaturally mended.
 Health issues that have plagued you are being reversed at the cellular level, mental clarity is being restored.
 Creative ideas are being downloaded.
 Divine connections are being formed.
 This is total life transformation, and it is happening whether you can see it yet or not.
 The invisible realm is always moving before the visible realm catches up.


TikTok

 What you see with your natural eyes is always lagging behind what is already true in the spirit.
 Right now, in the realm, you cannot see.
 Your victory is already complete.
 The challenge is not making it happen.
 The challenge is staying in faith long enough for it to materialize in the dimension you can touch and taste and measure.
 This is where most people forfeit their blessing.
 They get tired of waiting, they start looking at their current circumstances, and using that as evidence that nothing is changing.


TikTok

 But that is backwards.
 Your current circumstances are just the old reality dying.
 They are not proof that the new reality is not coming.
 They are proof that the transition is happening.
 You are in the space between what was and what is about to be.
 And that space always feels uncomfortable.
 It is supposed to. Discomfort is the birth canal of breakthrough.
 I want to pause here and ask you to do something that will anchor this truth in your spirit.


TikTok

 If you believe that your breakthrough is closer than it has ever been, show your agreement by liking this video right now.
 That simple click is more than just engagement with content.
 It is you making a declaration to the universe that you are ready to receive.
 It is you saying, I believe what is being spoken over my life.
 Go ahead and like this video, and as you do, feel the agreement resonating in your chest.


TikTok

 Now, I need to address something that might be happening in your mind right now.
 You might be thinking, this sounds too good to be true.
 I have heard promises before and been disappointed.
 I understand that.
 I really do.
 Disappointment has a way of making us cynical, and cynicism is just pain, pretending to be wisdom.
 But I want you to consider something.
 What if your past disappointments were not evidence that God is not faithful?


TikTok

 What if they were simply preparation for this moment?
 What if every closed door was protecting you from something that would have limited you?
 What if the delays were actually strategic positioning?
 You cannot see the full picture yet, but heaven can, and from that vantage point, your entire journey makes perfect sense.
 Everything that hurt you was building strength you are about to need.
 Every loss was clearing space for something bigger, every betrayal was teaching you discernment that will protect you in your next season.


TikTok

 Nothing was wasted.
 It was all necessary. Right now, there are supernatural downloads happening in your spirit.
 Information you need for your next level is being transferred into your consciousness.
 You might not recognize it immediately, but in the coming days, you are going to find yourself knowing things you never studied.
 You are going to have insights that surprise you.
 You are going to make decisions with confidence that you could not have manufactured.


TikTok

 That is because your spiritual hard drive is being upgraded while you sit here and receive this message.
 The angels assigned to you are working overtime right now.
 They are clearing pathways, removing obstacles, rerouting enemies, and positioning helpers.
 They are whispering your name in the ears of decision makers.
 They are orchestrating meetings that will look like coincidences, but are actually divine appointments.
 They are protecting you from dangers.


TikTok

 You will never even know were coming.
 And they are celebrating because they can see what is about to happen in your life, and it is spectacular.
 Let me tell you what is coming in the next 30 days specifically.
 You are going to receive news that changes.
 You can tell a motherfucker doesn't know your mind.
 Because they get all excited.
 When they beat you in battle.


TikTok

 Not understanding, you let every action of that battle take place.
 You allowed them the victory of that battle in the present moment to satisfy their ego, 'cause you want to satisfy your soul at the end of the war.
 You want them to think they have the upper hand.
 You want them to think you're defeated.
 You want them to think you're done, because it brings that much more satisfaction and shows people that there's levels to this shit.


TikTok

 It shows people, there's levels to the psychological states that you exist in, 'cause you're not just thinking about the present moment.
 Your prefrontal cortex is thinking 10 years from now.
 And that's why you don't give a fuck what happens now, 'cause you're planning to get the victory in the future.
 You need to understand that you are a real ass war general.
 And a general is not going to exhaust his resources in the midst of a battle.


TikTok

 You're not gonna waste your best men defending a stronghold if that means your castle is vulnerable.
 That level of psychological depth doesn't allow you to play into the energies of the ego.
 And that's why you let motherfuckers think they win the battle.
 The truth has finally come to light, laid bare by security footage and group chat screenshots.
 These pieces of evidence have uncovered who was truly behind the drama.


TikTok

 revealing the same group that tried to get you kicked out.
 Now, they're holding back tears as their own leader exposed the web of lies they spun.
 The truth unraveled before the entire friend group on social media, and the main instigator, the one who insisted you were the problem, finally broke down, admitting they fabricated all those stories about you.
 Now, you and your real friends are back.
 Your name is cleared, and your place in the circle is stronger than ever.
 Meanwhile, those who tried to destroy your reputation can't even show up to the usual hangouts anymore.


TikTok

 They're too embarrassed now that everyone knows the real story.
 They lied about you, buried the truth, and twisted the narrative to make you out to be the villain.
 You knew the truth all along, but no one wanted to hear it.
 until today.
 A high level whistleblower stepped forward, not just anyone, but someone who was there.
 someone who played a role in the deception, someone who carried the weight of secrets, convinced they'd never be exposed.
 They thought they could live with the guilt, that they could silence the truth forever.
 But something changed.


TikTok

 Maybe it was guilt.
 Maybe it was fear.
 Or perhaps the weight of the lies became too heavy to bear.
 When they spoke, everything shifted.
 It wasn't just a slip of the tongue or an anonymous leak.
 It was a full confession, with names, dates, and receipts.
 The people who worked so hard to paint you as a liar, a fraud, a problem are now scrambling, because the one person they never expected to speak up just expose them all.
 And you never had to say a word.
 The truth spoke for you.


TikTok

 In that moment, when the truth came to light, the air shifted, and panic spread like wildfire among those who thought they had won.
 Their faces drained of color, their hands trembled.
 They had tried to control the story.
 But they never thought the story would turn against them.
 As the whistleblowers' words echoed, the weight of their deception came crashing down.
 And in that moment, the truth revealed what had always been on your side.
 They thought they had it all planned out.
 The lies, the deception, the carefully planted stories designed to discredit you.


TikTok

 They twisted the facts, erased the records, and whispered falsehoods into the right ears.
 For a while it worked.
 They built their case against you, brick by brick, thinking no one would question it.
 But the truth doesn't rot.
 It doesn't crumble under pressure.
 It doesn't vanish just because the liars wish it away.
 Now, the truth has returned with a vengeance.
 They thought they buried it deep, locked it away where no one would find it.
 But the truth doesn't die.
 It claws its way to the surface.


TikTok

 Documents they swore were destroyed, messages they thought were deleted, testimonies from people they never expected to speak.
 You so divinely favored out this bitch, goddamn it, that anybody who come up against you, goddamn it, they spear guys out, this motherfucker, literally goddamn start going against them out this bitch.
 You finna dig?
 You understand this? I, Shay?
 You made motherfuckers who go against you.
 They spirit God go against them out, this bitch, god damn it.
 Overstand this eye, shay out this bitch.
 For one, they know that secretly they work for you out this bitch, goddamn it.


TikTok

 It's Ah Shea.
 confirmation with this motherfucking this radio coming on out this bitch.
 God damn it.
 But yeah, goddamn it, you make day spirit guys turn against them and because for one, they already let them know like, yo, we not about to try to go up against you out this bit.
 We ain't about to go up against this motherfucker right here.
 Goddamn, because he's too protected.
 She's too protected.
 She's too divine.
 Know what I mean?
 Why would we try to fuck up the cosmic goddamn laws like this bitch, goddamn it?
 But yeah, of course, these motherfuckers don't overstand that shit half the time out this bitch, so they still try to push the issue out this bitch, and now they spirit God literally shuts them off, and now they just out here like a motherfucking, just a lost puppy out this bitch.


TikTok

 Even though we love puppies out of this bitch, but they're out here like a lost puppy out this bitch.
 because they unprotected, goddamn it.
 once they go against you, you finna dance, motherfuckers got to overstand this.
 I say, how deep we in this bitch goddamn it.
 Overstand this eye shade.
 Peace of the tribe.
 Peace of the guys and guys of the planet Kai, Terra, LaMaria.
 You already know how we operate out.
 This bitch affinity days.
 It was a beautiful day.
 A beautiful evening. And yeah, let's get to it out this motherfucker, your fiddle digs.
 I said, yo.
 going to look back on this exact moment and recognize it as the turning point.
 This is where everything changed.


TikTok

 Before we go any further, I want you to participate in something powerful.
 If you have felt even a flicker of hope while listening to this, I need you to help spread this anointing.
 Share this message right now with at least 2 people who need a miracle.
 It does not matter if they believe it or not.
 Your act of sharing releases something in the spiritual realm.
 You become a conduit of blessing, and the same measure you give will be returned to you, pressed down, and overflowing.


TikTok

 Do it right now.
 Pause and share this with 2 people.
 I will wait.
 Good.
 Do you feel that?
 There is a shift happening in your energy field right now by sowing the seed of faith through sharing.
 You just activated a law that guarantees your harvest.
 What you make happen for others, God makes happen for you.
 That is not just a nice idea, it is a spiritual principle that never fails.


TikTok

 Now, let us talk about the 150 million energy that is hovering over your life.
 I need you to understand something crucial.
 This is not just about money, although financial miracles are absolutely included.
 This number represents complete overflow in every single area of your existence, relationships that were broken are being supernaturally mended.
 Health issues that have plagued you are being reversed at the cellular level, mental clarity is being restored.


TikTok

 Creative ideas are being downloaded.
 Divine connections are being formed.
 This is total life transformation, and it is happening whether you can see it yet or not.
 The invisible realm is always moving before the visible realm catches up.
 What you see with your natural eyes is always lagging behind what is already true in the spirit.
 Right now, in the realm, you cannot see.
 Your victory is already complete.


TikTok

 The challenge is not making it happen.
 The challenge is staying in faith long enough for it to materialize in the dimension you can touch and taste and measure.
 This is where most people forfeit their blessing.
 They get tired of waiting.
 They start looking at their current circumstances and using that as evidence that nothing is changing, but that is backwards.
 Your current circumstances are just the old reality dying.
 They are not proof that the new reality is not coming.


TikTok

 They are proof that the transition is happening.
 You are in the space between what was and what is about to be.
 And that space always feels uncomfortable.
 It is supposed to.
 Discomfort is the birth canal of breakthrough.
 I want to pause here and ask you to do something that will anchor this truth in your spirit.
 If you believe that your breakthrough is closer than it has ever been, show your agreement by liking this video right now.


TikTok

 That simple click is more than just engagement with content.
 It is you making a declaration to the universe that you are ready to receive.
 It is you saying, I believe what is being spoken over my life.
 Go ahead and like this video, and as you do, feel the agreement resonating in your chest.
 Now, I need to address something that might be happening in your mind right now.
 You might be thinking, this sounds too good to be true.


TikTok

 I have heard promises before and been disappointed.
 I understand that.
 I really do.
 Disappointment has a way of making us cynical, and cynicism is just pain, pretending to be wisdom.
 But I want you to consider something.
 What if your past disappointments were not evidence that God is not faithful?
 What if they were simply preparation for this moment?
 What if every closed door was protecting you from something that would have limited you?


TikTok

 What if the delays were actually strategic positioning?
 You cannot see the full picture yet, but heaven can.
 And from that vantage point, your entire journey makes perfect sense.
 Everything that hurt you was building strength you are about to need.
 Every loss was clearing space for something bigger, every betrayal was teaching you discernment that will protect you in your next season.
 Nothing was wasted.


TikTok

 It was all necessary, right now.
 Collector, if you want to know, like, when you are a good person, a great person, like, when everything you do, they demonize.
 Everything you do, they make it seem like it's a bad thing.
 Everything you do, they make it seem like you're a villain.
 Like, that's how you know when you're really a good person, when you're really a person of God, like everything you do, they got a power with it.
 That's how you know when you're that, you know, when you're a person of God, when you when you are super tapped in and connected to the divine, to the spiritual realm, to the universe, to the cosmos, to nature, everything you do, they will try to demonize.


TikTok

 They would try to weaponize. They would try to use against you.
 They would try to use it to hurt you.
 You feel me?
 They wouldn't even try to use spirituality to hurt your game.
 Like anything you do, they will try to use it to get you.
 that's how you know when you're wrong, you that.
 And you just that powerful.
 But you're not powerful in a way where it's powerful, scary.
 You powerful in a way where it's like, you're helpful, powerful, but it's like, also, it makes you danger because how can a person know all this shit, but doesn't do any evil with it?
 But that's showing that if they know all the shit you knew, they would be evil.
 That, why they don't got the power.
 That's why they don't got the knowledge.
 That why I don't got the information.


TikTok

 That's why they got to do rituals and spells to learn that information.
 That's why God can't just give it to them.
 They're not about to just give it to them.
 don't trust them niggas.
 Nature them not trust them niggas.
 They cannot be trusted.
 I mean, they can be trusted, but not with the knowledge.
 You feel me?
 They can be trusted, but not with the love.
 You get what I'm trying to say?
 Because they were, they were, they, they, they were purposely allowed people to fall in love with them, to do them wrong.
 You feel me?
 There were a lot of people to fall in love with them, to sneak them back and backstab them and betray them.


TikTok

 This is why our nature gave you all the love to give to everybody.
 Because you don't want that got it.
 If niggas really want real love, they gotta come to you to get it.
 And that's doesn't that make it seem like you're a bad person, though, right?
 But doesn't that just make you some type of special person that they got to go to you to get it?
 Because you're the only one that got it.
 But that doesn't mean that that's you being stingy, like you don't share it.
 Because you do share, you share every day, all day.
 You give it to everybody.
 That doesn't mean use some easy going type of person.


TikTok

 Because if you were some stingy, selfish person, you wouldn't give love to nobody.
 You will try to make people pay for love, but do you make people pay for love?
 No, you just give it.
 You ain't even got to know this person, but you love him.
 This is why you got it.
 Not saying you're the only person that got it.
 You was the only person that got the exact love you got.
 You got the original source.
 You got the original cool.
 I base it from the future, but everything from the future is based off some shit from the past.
 Right?
 Technically, basically.
 That's why I was saying, uh, uh, my, my, my, my old shit better than a new shit.


TikTok

 You get what I'm trying to say?
 That why my old shit is better than a nuisant.
 Because they nuisance basically based off the old shit.
 Because without the old shit, they weren't had a new shit.
 But, it's just like, you're a person of many abilities, many powers, but it's not bad though.
 They just like to demonizing a weaponizer because they want the powers.
 They like, wow, I don't got it.
 I should have it.
 But they do got it.
 They just don't know they got it.
 Like, you know, I feel like we all got the power.
 Niggas just don't be knowing they got the power.


TikTok

 Because they think other people got the power.
 Like, nah, these the strong people over here.
 You know?
 Instead of looking at how strong they is, but they don't they can't see that in themselves.
 But the thing is, you can see that in them.
 That's why you, that's why you got, that's why you got to see ability, bro.
 This is why you have it.
 This is why your intuition is so strong.
 This is why your knowledge is so powerful.
 This is why your love is so powerful.
 Let you get around, girl, she gonna be loving you all crazy.
 She gonna be super affectionate towards you because she just felt that she felt that pool and let a homie get around you.
 I'm not saying no obligations, but that nigga, folk G not going to get away from you. Like, because I'm enjoying this conversation.


TikTok

 I folded you, game.
 It's just what it is, cuz.
 Like, niggas rock with you, man.
 But it's just like, anything you do, it get turned into some negative shit.
 Because they, they got to discredit, because they got to discredit God, not saying, but you just are like a physical manifestation.
 Like you genuinely, like the physical manifestation of God.
 like you've lived in like the representation of God.
 That's all it is.
 You just represent God.
 And I'm not saying they're representing it.
 I'm not saying they worship evil. Because they don't worship evil. Because at the same time, tourist evil is the race of love.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Because even if you're a evil person, don't y'all love each other?
 Y'all just do evil shit to each other.
 So technically, guys don't love each other.
 So there's no there's no love without evil, you know what I'm saying?
 Because evil was basically live spoke backwards.
 So in order to even be evil, you got to be living.
 You got to be alive around this motherfucker.
 You're just doing some bullshit, but that's need to handle there, but it's just like, I really feel like maybe they just mad, maybe, maybe upset.
 I maybe I just really feel like they're upset because they got to go
 they got to go through you to get the guy.
 that's not what it is, though.
 That's not what it is though, but they got to go to you.
 They got to come to you.


TikTok

 It's like as much as they want to avoid you, as much as they probably want to hurt you and



TikTok

 Do something to you, they got to go to you to get what, the knowledge, the information, the know how.
 They don't like that, you got it.
 They want to be able to have it.
 So you got to come to them.
 But the thing is, they probably got it and you got it.
 So it's like, you don't gotta go.
 You're, you don't necessarily, you necessarily don't gotta go to them, bro.
 And maybe that's what they don't like game.
 You feel me?
 Like, Because it make it seem like you don't need them.
 But that's not saying you don't need people.
 No, a lot of people think that you don't need them because they think that you got life all figured out.


TikTok

 You know what you're doing, right?
 You don't need us, right?
 But you don't never look at life like that.
 They just feel like that because like, They know that maybe they can't do all the shit that you're doing for them.
 They can do something a little bit that, but that's, I'm not saying that's the bare minimum.
 I'm not saying the bread crumbing, but they can't do as much as you could do, but that's not taking away their abilities or their powers.
 But they can do as much as you can do if they just sit there and learn from you.
 But they don't want to make you the teacher.
 Because if you the teacher, you got to teach everybody.
 It's not, it's not multiple, it's not multiple classes and multiple teachers.


TikTok

 This is one teacher.
 You feel me?
 That's not saying you cheating.
 That's not saying that you a hoarder.
 That's not saying you you did some, you did some wicked shit to have all this information.
 You didn't.
 You just, you just, it just actually, it's just in you.
 It came to you.
 It found you.
 You stumbled upon it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But you just, you just, you just the one that dived deeper into it.
 You know, a lot of people dive deeper into the knowledge to manifest, to get money and attract a better life.


TikTok

 You did it to spread love, to spread kindness, to spread awareness.
 You ain't do it from no recognition.
 You ain't do it for no credit.
 But the thing is, you deserve credit.
 You definitely deserve recognition, but you don't ask for that.
 I mean, you probably do, but as I, yeah, it's funny, you really don't be caring because you know that they know.
 And you know, I mean, they know, you know that, they know, you know, and they can't do nothing about you knowing.
 You feel what I mean?
 Because you always, because everybody know, you may forgive, but you don't forget.
 But at the same time, they're like, nig, I'm not going to forget what you did either.


TikTok

 But they only want to hold that against you because you forgive, won't forget, but you will forgive them, though.
 You not going to bring it up.
 You feel me?
 You may do, but it's like, you really don't give a fuck about this shit because it already happened.
 They will never let it go because they they still living in that same energy.
 They still in that same timeline.
 But they trying to find at the timelines where they can win.
 But you already know that timeline exists.
 So you already calculated that and they can't beat you in that town, Mom.
 There's nothing they can do with you.
 It's either you fuck with the nigga or you just don't don't fuck with the nigga at all.
 Let's leave him alone at that point.


TikTok

 But it's like, they cannot do that because they fuck with you, but they don't focus you.
 It's like, it's like, as they're saying, you know what I'm saying?
 It a love-hate relationship.
 They love you, then they hate you.
 They admire, then they jealous, you know what I'm saying?
 You know jealousy, that's what they want.
 They're trying to copy and get envy.
 They admire it, they fuck with it, they respect it, then because, you know, a lot of people try to become like, you know, do something like you or try to do something similar to you and it might not get the same result.
 They focus around getting trouble when they do it, or they fuck around getting, she ain't when they do it, or they fuck around, get backlash when they do it.
 They fuck around get caught performative when they do it.


TikTok

 But when you do it, you get lights.
 You get like, nah, 100.
 I respect that shit.
 Facts in the comics, niggas focus you because you're naturally being you.
 But when they do it, it's because they trying to be like you.
 But every time you tell them, just be you, they like, what the fuck you mean?
 Be me.
 What the fuck you mean, switch my phone?
 What the fuck you mean?
 Switch the focus.
 What's the flow?
 What the fuck do you mean?
 Be me?
 Do you?
 But they having fun with themselves yet.
 But they did, though, but they just lost, they just lost themselves at the moment.
 You know what I'm trying to say?
 Because, well, you know, a lot of people find themselves, right?
 But what happens?
 They get the hanging around, how with people, and you get to take it on other energies.


TikTok

 That's what I always say, separate.
 You know who hangs by yourself?
 Solitude.
 I don't like to say the word isolation because if you say the word slowly, it says, I, so late, are you late to the isolation state?
 You should have been alone.
 Even if you got to be alone with your girl and your kids, that's decent.
 But be alone.
 I'm not saying you got to cut off your friends, but stop fucking with them niggas.
 That doesn't mean I don't like you no more.
 That doesn't mean I want to be around you no more.
 I just can't be for the moment.
 I can't be for a moment.
 But they think that moment, that moment is a day or some shit, like, nigga, it's been 24 hours.


TikTok

 I can't get space?
 They're like, no.
 You haven't played FIFA all, and niggas black, no cheese, no cheese, no cheese.
 They only Chinese, no space.
 You know what I'm trying to say?
 Come on, give me my space, guys, back up.
 But they don't know how to, because they wasn't taught that.
 They was just smothered around people all day.
 Like I tell y'all, when you come out the pussy, what happens?
 Soon as you're born, you surrounded by family.
 Then you get old enough.
 Now you got to be in school, you surrounded by mornings.
 Then you get old enough.
 you got to get jobs.
 You surrounded by more people.
 It's like the government don't never want you to have time for yourself. Because then when you make time for yourself, people make you feel bad for making time for yourself for being there for yourself.


TikTok

 And I gave y'all so many years of my life.
 At least you can give me some minutes, some hours, nigga, a decade.
 know what I'm saying?
 Some sanctuary around this motherfucker.
 Damn.
 But see, then, like, when you do that, because you got the law, so they got it, they have to get it, because they can't get him nowhere out.
 You see?
 Oh my god.
 I mean, you come from these occultic type of families where you wear the family sacrifice.
 It was because of your intelligence.
 It was because of your manifestation abilities.
 It was because of your naivety.
 It was because of your purity that these people felt like they could play with you.


TikTok

 But also your purity was the reason that they did not invite you into their dark groups.
 Talk about that.
 I mean, it's not like you missed out on anything, but it's just the reason that you became the sacrifice instead of one of the one of like a part of the group.
 You get what I'm saying?
 you got siblings, you got cousins, you got aunties, things of that nature that are all a part of this group, and you literally have to find out through divination or through your intuition or through different things that God put in your face to kind of reveal the truth and confirmation birth, to reveal the truth about who you are and who the people are around you and why certain things have happened in your life.


TikTok

 They were never going to tell you.
 They'll still never, these people have like taken oaths.
 lets talk about that.
 They've taken oaths.
 Some of these people literally cannot tell you or they're going to die.
 These people are definitely afraid of the people and the things that they have been associated with and even the things that they have tried to sacrifice you to.
 And they want you to be afraid of it too.
 It's like they're offended that you don't want to take on their dark family traditions.
 These people knew that you outranked them for a long time.
 For a super long time, probably since the beginning.
 Like I said, occult families, people have been doing divination on you.


TikTok

 been known a part about your spiritual gifts, been known about your destiny, been known about who you're supposed to be in this lifetime.
 And this is why they have put different obstacles in your way to try to stop you, to try to hinder you, to try to block you in any way that they could.
 It's deeper than your looks.
 It's deeper than your intelligence.
 It's deeper than your connection to the divine, even though these things play a big role.
 They're so they're so offended.
 They're so offended.
 they go for the shallow things.
 like they want to stop your money because they think that's gonna stop how you look.
 And it's just like, You look like that.


TikTok

 don't even have nobody.
 like, you get her friends.
 Like, you you always look the same.
 It's not like you got Brady, you doing plastic surgery and stuff like that.
 They're just jealous of things that literally you can't help.
 You've always been creative.
 You've always been artistic.
 You've always been seriously gifted, even before you understood the significance of your own spiritual gifts.
 And that's what they really hated because it's like, you were, you're, like, the purity that you are is so innocent because they understood and they knew more about your gifts than you did and you were operating in some of these gifts and you were like seeing things and having premonitions and even talking to these people about certain things that you could do before, like, you even understood that these people were trying to siphon that energy.


TikTok

 Man, wow, this is all I can say about you, ass.
 Because who are you?
 Because the energy that I'm feeling.
 Whoever I'm talking to right now, people scatter when your ass walks anywhere.
 whether it's a supermarket, a shopping center, or whatever the fuck you are.
 or whatever fuck you go.
 It's like ludicrous, screaming, move, bitch, get out of the way and shit.
 Next thing you know, man, they're moving out of the way like you're a 100 foot tidal wave coming at their sorry ass and shit.


TikTok

 And I fucking relate that shit and fucking respect that shit.
 Train whistle, confirmation.
 And that's because you ask whoever I'm talking to, man, you got the motherfucking look and shit. The look that says that whatever bullshit somebody's thinking about bringing you away, man, probably isn't gonna be a good idea, and it ain't gonna end the way.
 They're supposed to be thinking it's gonna fucking end and shit.
 And a whole crowd can be standing there, clogging out the fucking, like they're holding a council meeting next to the fucking frozen pizzas where your ass wants to be.


TikTok

 Then you ask, turns the corner, and suddenly everybody remembers that they better be somewhere else because your ass is coming to town and shit.
 And that's because people recognize strength faster that they recognize their own sorry ass reflection and shit.
 And I was motherfucking right about who I'm talking to right now and how could you command respect?
 But before I get to that juicy tea, please take what resonates because not every message is going to resonate with everyone.


TikTok

 And you'll fill in your heart, soul, and your body because you're the fucking person that fucking parts the seas when you come in the way.
 Because with the devil coming in, whoever I'm talking to, and you ask intimidates people, even without trying and shit.
 And that's got certain sorry asses, bother us hell.
 They're the kind of people that spend all day chasing status and attention and validation, like they're running for fucking mayor of a city of 12 goats, 3 pigs, and a fucking sorry ass duck and shit.
 Meanwhile, your ass, yeah, man, you ask it's more respect walking around a grocery store.


TikTok

 looking for a frozen pizza than they get after a fucking full day campaigning for their sorry ass campaign.
 And that's what sticks in their fucking crying, their clawing, their soul and shit.
 You?
 You don't look like somebody searching for approval.
 You look like somebody that's perfectly fine without it and shit.
 And that was my son, Gio, behind me, being tough and shit, too.
 And with the hangman coming in, well, what's really driving this people crazy is that they can't figure you out and shit.


TikTok

 The more they fucking watch you ass, the less the sense, the less sense, that you, whoever I'm talking to, make through very sorry ass.
 They keep looking for the secret sauce, the hidden formula, the magic trick behind your damn presence and shit.
 It's like handing a flip phone to a caveman and asking his sorry ass to explain satellite technology when Dasorius can't even make fucking fire and shit.
 They're staring at it right at the fucking answer and still don't know what they're fucking looking at and shit, which is you, ass, and I love you, ass, because I fucking sense that energy.


TikTok

 Meanwhile, they're over there fucking trying to figure out how you, how you, are like a fucking chimpanzee doing algebra, a calculator with dead batteries and shit.
 And with the pager wands coming in, just remember that if this wrestle needs where you ask me, you're going to feel that shit in your heart, soul, and your body.
 Because you're that person I'm talking about, that fucking is the person that intimidates the hell out of everybody and the universe.
 wanted me to verify that shit for you as it sees you, how you are and shit.


TikTok

 Then you got the fucking brave volunteers, man.
 The ones that convince themselves that reputation has to be exaggerated and shit.
 Well, you know what happens sooner or later, they start poking around to see whether the stories are true or not.
 And I usually last?
 Man, as long as a mosquito trying to fucking collect back rent from a fucking flamethrower and shit.
 And that's because your energy and your energy don't fucking ask for respect and shit.
 It assumes people are fucking grown enough to understand the consequences of coming to your ass and shit.


TikTok

 And with the fucking emperor coming in, man, life, life has taken his best shot at your ass.
 And somehow, and your ass is still standing.
 You, man, you fucking being hit, tested, and dragged through the fucking mud and heard enough fucking bullshit to know what the pressure looks like and shit.
 And you ask, man, you watch situations go sideways, more times that you can even count on your fucking hands and feet.
 And you, man, you kept your head up high while everybody else was running like for the fucking building, was on fire and shit.


TikTok

 That type of attitude and fucking pressing leaves a fucking marking shit.
 Man, the kind people feel, the 2nd you walk into a room or they sense your damn energy and shit because that shit happens to me all that fucking time.
 And most people, man, they spend their lives trying to look strong and shit.
 And your ass, and your ass walks around like strength, moved in years ago, while their sorry asses signed a lease with the fucking Tooth Fairy, and still waiting for the fucking rent, 1st red check to clear and shit.


TikTok

 And with a fucking quino wands coming in, man, you're pressing your presence?
 I mean, that shit gets picked up immediately, especially by the laugh mouths that spend the whole fucking day trying to convince everybody.
 Now, the toughest fucking person in the room.
 It's fucking funny how those sorry asses suddenly discover manners, indoor voices, and the ability to fucking own their own damn business and mind their own business when your fucking ass starts rolling around and shit.
 And that's because your ass looks like the person in the movie.


TikTok

 Everybody, everybody.
 And I mean, fucking everybody should be paying attention to from the very beginning when your ass walks into the room.
 You don't remind people of the fucking guy running his mouth at the end of the bar and shit.
 You remind them of the person everybody gets quiet around and shit.
 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck.
 Oh, the 2 of sores.
 Well, this is the problem.
 those sorry asses are having.


TikTok

 They can't decide whether to respect you as.
 I admire you, compete with your ass, or stay the hell out of your fucking way.
 That Confusion keeps them stuck in shit.
 Meanwhile, your ass, man, your ass is over there.
 living the live, fucking drinking piña coladas.
 going to the beach or whatever the fuck it is you do.
 In a 100 foot wave that doesn't stop warring, doesn't stop to worry about what the crowd thinks about your ass.


TikTok

 And the crowd worries about the wave, like, which is your ass.
 And that's exactly what I'm seeing here and what I'm fucking sensing right now.
 People recognize power when they fucking see it.
 People recognize presence when they fucking feel it and shit.
 And judging by these fucking cars, this beautiful fucking hand, your ass carries enough of both of these fucking energies, that rooms adjust, before you fucking even arrive and shit.


TikTok

 And remember, big puppy doesn't send friend requests, and he does not send DMs, any sorry ass pretending to be me.
 Man, they're fucking trying to take you money and those fucking fucking whippy ass motherfuckers wouldn't do that to me and shit.
 And remember, and fucking tarot, there's only one big motherfucking poppy, and you looking at his ass right now.
 Thanks for watching.
 You smart enough to notice?
 Because life can be, oh, so tricky.
 Chosen one.


TikTok

 But you're smart enough to know chosen ones that all of this external, all these external factors in life.
 They draw your attention away from you and try to cause you to focus on everything external, Chosen One.
 But you're not a fool.
 You're not falling for the banana and the tail pie, chosen one, because you truly understand that life is a game of self mastery.
 And once you master yourself, chosen one.


TikTok

 Life has absolutely no choice but to forever file that to you chosen one.
 Keep answering yourself, because you were born to be great.
 And your side got the greenest grass around this bitch, because it's real.
 See, your grass ain't just green.
 It's authentic.
 It's real, it's healthy, all that.
 See, they grass might be a little bit greener, but they got turf.
 You know what I'm saying?
 These motherfuckers got fake grass and up under that fake grass whole bunch of bullshit.


TikTok

 whole bunch of bullshit.
 They appear to look like something that they not.
 They want to be like you.
 They trying to duplicate and clone your energy, nigga.
 Your grass on your side, your energy good over there.
 It's good over there.
 The bun is going over there.
 It's safe, but you feel me?
 It's safe over there where you at and you wonder why everybody want to be around your energy, nigga.
 Because you safe?
 You healing?
 Nah, you got everything that motherfuckers need for them to grow around this bitch.
 See, that other side is dark and cold over there.
 It appear to look like something.
 It's a whole bunch of lights and all this shit.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 See, you and your other half, you know what I'm saying?
 Yo, lower side and your dark side is both magical than a motherfucker.
 You feel me?
 See Satan and all that?
 That's the same shit going on with you.
 It's a whole illusion over there.
 They make it look beautiful and all that whole time.
 That shit ain't hitting no nothing.
 The whole time, your side don't even look like all that.
 It's dark and hot.
 But the whole time, nigga, your side is the real deal and that's why you do shit in a strategic way because you like to, you feel me?
 You like to teach motherfuckers as you go as you do shit.
 You teach motherfuckers.
 You want to see him on actually, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Pick up what the fuck you put it down, nigga.
 You don't like to be around losers for real, though.
 You know what I'm saying?
 you a real nerd.
 you're a real geek.
 Why you think you slay bullies around this bitch?
 Man, understand that shit.
 Fun.
 Let me ask you a question.
 Have you ever sat in silence and wondered why the very people who should have loved you most, your own family, turned on you without cause?
 Have you felt their whispers, their cold stares, their quiet rejection, as though your very presence made them uncomfortable?
 If you have, listen closely.


TikTok

 This message is not for everyone.
 It is for God's chosen ones only.
 If you are not chosen, if you have not felt the weight of angelic visitation, prophetic dreams, or a divine message stirring your spirit, then this word is not for you.
 But if you are, then understand this video reached you at the perfect moment.
 Nothing in the spiritual realm happens by accident.
 Chosen one, your spiritual encounter with God has marked you.
 That mark is why you feel set apart, why you feel misunderstood, why your own bloodline has risen against you.


TikTok

 What you carry is divine, and what you carry exposes what others try to keep hidden.
 This is not coincidence.
 It is calling.
 That is why this message will change your life if you receive it with faith.
 Before we go deeper, I want you to comment 777 right now.
 as confirmation that this word is for you.
 And do not forget, subscribe, tap the bell, and share this with another chosen one who needs to hear it.


TikTok

 The Mark of the Chosen One. Chosen one, you must understand something very important. From the very beginning, before you were even aware of it, heaven placed a mark on you.
 This is not a mark that men can see with their physical eyes, but in the spiritual realm, it shines like a blazing light.
 It is this very light that separates you from the rest that causes even your own family to look at you differently.
 You wonder why you have always felt like the outsider, even in your own home.


TikTok

 It is because the mark of the Chosen One was upon you from birth.
 You were set apart.
 That mark is tied directly to your spiritual encounters, the angelic visitation that came to you in moments of despair, the prophetic dreams that shook your spirit in the middle of the night, and the divine message whispered to you when no one else was around.
 These are not accidents.
 They are confirmations of the calling that rests upon you.
 And because you carry this, people around you feel something they cannot explain.


TikTok

 They sense your light, but instead of celebrating it, they often turn against it.
 Think about it.
 Even as a child, you probably noticed you didn't fit in.
 Maybe your family said you were different, too quiet, too deep, or too strange.
 They couldn't understand why you thought the way you did, why you asked questions no one else dared to ask.
 That wasn't rebellion.
 That was your spirit, searching for truth.
 And truth always separates the chosen from the crowd.
 The mark of the chosen one is also what attracts opposition.


TikTok

 When you walk into a room, people notice you, even if you don't speak.
 There is a presence about you that cannot be denied.
 That presence is not pride, it is the evidence of God's hand resting upon your life, and while some may be drawn to it, many, even within your family, feel threatened by it.
 They don't even know why, but something in them resists you.
 Chosen one, remember this.
 Spiritual things are spiritually discerned.
 The people in your bloodline may love you in the natural, but in the spiritual realm, the enemy stirs them against you.


TikTok

 Why?
 Because if he can make you doubt yourself through the rejection of those closest to you, he can distract you from the power of your calling.
 But when you recognize that the rejection is because of the mark, you begin to see it not as a curse, but as a sign of divine favor.
 Let me be clear.
 This mark is not earned, it is given.
 You didn't ask for it.
 You didn't apply for it.
 You didn't buy it.
 It was written into your destiny before you ever took your first breath.
 That's why you have had angelic visitations in your darkest hour.


TikTok

 That's why prophetic dreams come to you with messages that others cannot understand.
 That's why divine messages keep finding you.
 Even in this very moment, as you listen to these words.
 Heaven is confirming to you, you are chosen.
 And because you are chosen, the dynamics of your family were never going to feel normal.
 They may mock your beliefs, dismiss your encounters, or accuse you of being too spiritual.
 But chosen one, what they cannot see, is that your very life is a testimony in progress.


TikTok

 You are not called to fit in.
 You are called to stand out.
 And that standing out begins at home.
 Take note, every chosen one in scripture was marked.
 Joseph carried dreams that made his brothers despise him.
 David was anointed king, yet rejected by his own family as the least likely. Even Jesus himself declared that a prophet is without honor in his own house.
 You can't do nothing for these mofos, because they wanted you to disappear.


TikTok

 But look at you now.
 Revenge?
 You are the plot twist... and the new chapter.
 Oh, man.
 Ah, you the new generation.
 And they didn't see it coming.
 They splash them in the face like a cold, iced bucket of water.
 They, they flabagan.


TikTok

 Oh man
 So drop it 777 in the comments to just know that you are too attractive to be around all of these people trying to tear you down.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You got stuff that's worth having.
 And we just off to ourselves.
 Y'all can say whatever y'all want to say.
 I can do whatever y'all want to do.
 But just leave us out of.


TikTok

 And if you feel called, bless the team behind the channel with a super thanks.
 I love y'all.
 Ah, Shay.
 You became a celebrity after surviving the spiritual ambush from narcissist.
 Your whole life, you've always had like attention on you, just not to the extent of after that spiritual ambush, you grew up, you always kind of felt like something was off, but you wasn't really paying attention to it.


TikTok

 However, the people around you was always trying to make you forget that, or they saw the potential in you, and they tried their best to not make you reach that potential.
 So growing up, you had validation, withheld from you.
 You had people ignoring what you were achieving, and some people went as far as you would achieve something, and they would just talk down about it.


TikTok

 And throughout your life, you ended up internalizing the stuff and you thought that you weren't who you actually were.
 Even at your lowest moments, you still have people like hating on you from above, and that never made sense to you, because what is told to you is people at the top or above you.



TikTok

You perceive to have more.
 Or will never hate on you.
 So you just thought that like, all right, that just meant that was just something that you have to change within.
 Now, the spiritual ambush from the narcissist, they chose to attack you when you were at your lowest, when you were at your weakest, because they saw it as a chance to get you out of here.


TikTok

 They don't want you to achieve your potential.
 They saw that happen to you and they wanted to make sure that you stayed there.
 You didn't know what was going on.
 You're like, why aren't these people helping me out? When they were going through their things, you helped them out.
 You were there for them.
 And the same wasn't returned to you.
 So you had to figure it out by yourself, climb yourself out of that hole by yourself.
 And as you came back from that, as you healed, as you internalize the lessons, but didn't let it change you, something happened to your aura, where now you reach this thing called like the celebrity or you have become a celebrity in the spiritual realm.


TikTok

 And everything happens in the spiritual before it happens in the 3D.
 Now you have people staring at you, wherever you go, you probably have people, whenever you go somewhere, Like, let's say you're in a store, you go online, you leave, there'll be a bunch of people, like that shows up behind you, and people want to get information on you at all costs.
 So you have a lot of people stalking you, a lot of people spying on you on social media, interviewing other people about you, because another thing that happened when you survived that spiritual ambush, you saw human nature at its worst, and you don't want to deal with it anymore.


TikTok

 You thought everyone was being genuine.
 But there's so few people that are actually actually genuine and not playing these power games.
 So you became a loner.
 And the funny thing about becoming a loner is when you don't want to be around people, now a lot of people want to be around you.
 You have so many people right now that probably wants to be your friend, that probably wants to date you, and you want no parts because you know what comes with trusting the wrong people and giving access to people that don't deserve it.


TikTok

 And that's exactly what celebrities go through as well.
 You probably give access to someone that puts you on a pedestal, but is insecure.
 And when they get around you and you start talking to them, they realize like, oh, you're just like us.
 And that's when they start disrespecting you, betraying you, and all that weird stuff.
 So, you survive that spiritual ambush, and now you're by yourself a lot, and other people, if they saw what you went through and how you are now, they'll probably think you are depressed when it's the furthest from the truth, you are the happiest you've ever been in your life, and it's a real happiness, not a false happiness, that the matrix projects onto you.


TikTok

 You have fallen in love with your own energy and you have stopped giving energy to people that don't deserve it.
 And because of that, that's why you are shining and you are holding out for people that actually deserve your energy.
 Is it fucking insane that it happened?
 As far as I'm concerned, Jennifer Lopez is a mythical creature that doesn't really exist.
 I wrote the script with Joe Kelly talking about how much we loved old school rom-coms.
 We felt like we hadn't seen a great one in a long time.
 We were both like, who's your...


TikTok

 to look back on this exact moment and recognize it as the turning point.
 This is where.



TikTok

 People see you as a strong person.
 This message is not for everyone, you'll know if it's for you.
 When people see you out and about, They can read your face.
 They could tell you had a difficult life.
 On a subconscious level, because you don't look like the average person.


TikTok

 You don't look like someone who's been spoon fed.
 You look like someone who's been through it all.
 And you carry yourself with grace.
 People see you as a symbol of strength.
 And they admire you for that.
 And they notice you don't have a victim mentality.
 You're not going around trying to gain people's empathy.
 You're not always telling a sob story.


TikTok

 You've learned to deal with your past, and now you're moving forward and you're inspiring people who come across your path.
 You think you're average.
 You think everyone went through difficult times like you.
 Yes, people in general go through hard times.
 But not to the extent you did.
 That's the difference.
 And you didn't make excuses.


TikTok

 You didn't sit around moping and crying about it.
 You picked yourself up.
 You learn how to heal yourself.
 And you pushed forward.
 You didn't give up.
 So many people give up with far fewer problems.
 You did it.
 You kept trucking along.
 And people see you as a symbol of strength.
 When you walk, people see that you're walking with power.


TikTok

 Your aura is magnetic and strong, and it is very attractive.
 All right?
 It is very magnetic.
 And it never would have been like that had you not gone through all those difficult times.
 You know this now.
 You wear your scars proudly.
 Because you know, it made you who you are today.
 And people are attracted to you.
 Because people want to be around strong people.


TikTok

 They don't wanna be around someone who's weak.
 And when a problem arises, they're gonna freak out and not know what to do.
 People see you as reliable.
 People see you as someone they could depend on.
 They see you as a leader.
 And you're inspiring so many people simply by existing.
 A lot of people look at you and they can see your battle scars and they see you're still able to joke and laugh and smile.


TikTok

 You don't realize it yet, but you have unknown friends in high places, and what they're prepared to do to protect you will shock you.
 What's coming isn't small help or symbolic support.
 Someone with influences stepping in, not to save you, but to secure what you're building.
 You earned this alignment.
 Protection is active. In a world drowning in fake gurus and manufactured wisdom, authentic evolution creates a signal that powerful people can track.
 Your willingness to face what most people run from, your choice to break generational chains, instead of passing them forward, your refusal to let bitterness poison your heart when revenge would have been easier.


TikTok

 This creates resonance that draws allies operating at frequencies most people never access.
 This benefactor sees something in you that you're only beginning to recognize.
 This person understands your struggles, weren't cosmic punishment, your struggles were precision designed initiations, meant to forge someone capable of handling what most people would crumble under, those childhood wounds that nearly destroyed you, were simultaneously shattering the chains that kept your entire bloodline locked in cycles of limitation and fear for generations, every time you chose love when hate was justified, every time you picked evolution when staying stuck was safer,


TikTok

 Every time you spoke truth when lies would have protected you, you were rewriting code, not just for yourself, for everyone in your energetic orbit, and there are people whose entire purpose involves identifying when someone's doing that work at your level.
 You just made their list, top position.
 But here's what's different about this support.
 This isn't charity.
 This isn't wealthy generosity.
 This is calculated investment in a mission your benefactor recognizes could shift 1000s of lives, maybe millions.


TikTok

 This person has watched how you naturally become a beacon for people drowning in darkness, how your presence alone can flip someone's entire reality from hopeless to possible, and this person has decided to back that with resources that will shock you.
 Traditional help comes with expectations, explicit or implicit, the helper expects gratitude, loyalty, control, or recognition in return, but your benefactor operates from a completely different paradigm.


TikTok

 This person understands that consciousness evolution creates value that transcends personal return on investment.
 Your benefactor has studied how transformation catalysts operate.
 This person knows that authentic change agents need freedom to evolve without constraint.
 This means you won't owe loyalty when interests conflict with your mission.
 You won't need to compromise your message to maintain support.
 You won't have to perform gratitude or maintain access through continued dependence.


TikTok

 The support flows freely.
 You were always meant to be fucking legendary.
 Your life is like the greatest movie ever.
 The stories you have from your life blow people away.


TikTok

 You have this character that is undeniable, that draws people in, and keeps them there.
 Because they want to.
 They want to be around you because they feel your rare and unique energy that you hold.
 You have a charisma about you.
 You are fucking hilarious.
 The way your mind works, you are so intelligent and you are able to articulate it in the most beautiful ways, ways that people can relate.


TikTok

 Because you see parts of yourself in the whole world around you.
 So continue to move as the legend you are.
 When people cast doubt and worry, say, no, no, not for me.
 Because anything is possible, my friend, and you are the living proof of it.
 I love you.
 I didn't want to, we either want to tell you this shit, but everybody, man, they want to be like your ass and you ain't competing with nobody except your damn self and shit.


TikTok

 And let me tell you why this shit's happened because the sky right now is doing something interesting in the shit that's going on right now.
 The sun's moving through Gemini, lining up things, communication, curiosity and shit and observation.
 The translation and all of this shit, man, people are watching your ass.
 Closer than fucking cloak and dagger trying to fucking investigate a murder case and shit.
 And people are talking, people are comparing US with everybody else and shit.
 And some of these sorry asses, man, they know more about what's going on in your life that they know about what's going on in their own fucking sorry ass life and shit.


TikTok

 Meanwhile, Jupiter, man, Jupiter's expanding everything it touches.
 And if you've been putting work into yourself, man, Jupiter has a funny habit of making that harder to ignore and shit.
 And that's like the universe grabbing up a megaphone and saying to you, hey, everybody, look at this person right here, right now.
 the person I'm talking to.
 And not because you're trying to get attention and shit because you ain't.
 I can sense that from you right now.
 And the funny part is, they fucking, excuse me, the less attention you fucking chase, the more attention you fucking find your ass and shit.


TikTok

 Then we got Mars pushing people to take action and shit.
 I think it's pushing your ass and a lot of people to fucking take action.
 But here's where it gets really fucking interesting and shit for your ass.
 Some people, man, they're taking action in their own life.
 Other people are fucking taking action by watching your life and shit.
 One group is building, while the fucking other sorry ass group, man, they're fucking expectating.
 and watching your ass and eating popcorn, seeing what's happening in your damn life. And guess which one gets the fucking further and shit with fucking Venus.


TikTok

 It's also high lagging value.
 And that's your ass, the person I'm talking to. And not just money, but value and shit.
 And what makes this so fucking special and shit, more makes it so important. That what makes this.


TikTok

fucking special and shit, more mix it so important.
 For you it is, is that it makes you, whoever I'm talking to, stand out and shit.
 It makes you fucking memorable and shit. It makes you fucking different.
 And whoever you are



TikTok

 But they fucking feel it, they sense it, and they're watching it, even, even if they don't want to watch them damn shit.
 That's why some people avoid your ass, like you got a bowl of virus and shit.
 Well simultaneously



TikTok

 But they fucking feel it, they sense it, and they're watching it, even, even if they don't want to watch them damn shit.
 That's why some people avoid your ass, like you got a bowl of virus and shit.
 Well simultaneously



TikTok

 But they fucking feel it, they sense it, and they're watching it, even, even if they don't want to watch them damn shit.
 That's why some people avoid your ass, like you got a bowl of virus and shit.
 Well, simultaneously, keep that tabs on your ass.
 and everything you're fucking doing and shit.
 This is why they act distant, this is why they act shady as fuck.
 They have like, they don't fucking see your ass and shit.
 Meanwhile, their ass, man, they fucking know every update, they know every move, and they know every damn accomplishment that you're doing in your damn life because they have nothing better to do with their sorry ass lives.


TikTok

 They know of every change.
 Also that is happening in your life.
 That's like fucking refuse to shop at a grocery store while fucking checking the weekly fucking flyer every damn day to see what fucking coupons are on special because they're somehow fucking budget shopping and shit.
 And they're trying to make sense of all that shit.
 And the universe, man, is basically saying to stop worrying about those who are fucking watching US and shit, man.
 That's a shame any importance.
 Stop worrying about who's fucking copying and stop worrying about who's fucking secretly fucking competing with your ass because that shit doesn't matter because the only one that can compete with your ass is you ass.


TikTok

 Saturn, man, Saturn says, Saturn is teaching accountability right now, and Saturn doesn't care who copied the damn, well, fucking Saturn wants to know.
 Man, who actually did the damn work.
 And that's where the separation happens between you and these damn people that are fucking trying to copy your ass and be like, yo ass.
 The OG Rices, which is US.
 The copies, man, they fucking struggle.
 And the leaders fucking move. And the followers watch and they're watching your ass right now.
 And here's my damn favorite part of shit.


TikTok

 I'm sorry, asses.
 love the version of you that played fucking small.
 The version that fucking shrunk itself down so that everybody else can fucking feel bigger and shit.
 They love the version of you that apologize for fucking taking up space and shit



TikTok

 But they fucking feel it, they sense it, and they're watching it, even, even if they don't want to watch them damn shit.
 That's why some people avoid your ass, like you got a bowl of virus and shit.
 Well, simultaneously, keep that tabs on your ass.
 and everything you're fucking doing and shit.
 This is why they act distant, this is why they act shady as fuck.
 They have like, they don't fucking see your ass and shit.
 Meanwhile, their ass, man, they fucking know every update, they know every move, and they know every damn accomplishment that you're doing in your damn life because they have nothing better to do with their sorry ass lives.


TikTok

 They know of every change.
 Also that is happening in your life.
 That's like fucking refuse to shop at a grocery store while fucking checking the weekly fucking flyer every damn day to see what fucking coupons are on special because they're somehow fucking budget shopping and shit.
 And they're trying to make sense of all that shit.
 And the universe, man, is basically saying to stop worrying about those who are fucking watching US and shit, man.
 That's a shame any importance.
 Stop worrying about who's fucking copying and stop worrying about who's fucking secretly fucking competing with your ass because that shit doesn't matter because the only one that can compete with your ass is you ass.


TikTok

 Saturn, man, Saturn says, Saturn is teaching accountability right now, and Saturn doesn't care who copied the damn, well, fucking Saturn wants to know.
 Man, who actually did the damn work.
 And that's where the separation happens between you and these damn people that are fucking trying to copy your ass and be like, yo ass.
 The OG Rices, which is US.
 The copies, man, they fucking struggle.
 And the leaders fucking move. And the followers watch and they're watching your ass right now.
 And here's my damn favorite part of shit.


TikTok

 I'm sorry, asses.
 love the version of you that played fucking small.
 The version that fucking shrunk itself down so that everybody else can fucking feel bigger and shit.
 They love the version of you that apologize for fucking taking up space and shit.
 But you ass ain't fucking craftmatic adjustable and shit.
 You don't fucking fold up, recline, and lower yourself just because somebody else wants to fucking get comfortable with your ass and shit.
 That's because the stars ain't rewarding imitation right now.
 They're fucking rewarding authenticity, which is what you damn have.


TikTok

 The person I'm talking to right now.
 They're fucking rewarding confidence and they're rewarding people who know exactly who the fuck they are and shit.
 So keep on doing what the fuck you're doing because wild.
 theys fucking people are busy trying to figure out how to become your ass You already fucking bec



TikTok

Accept your help, accept your wisdom and insight.
 You gonna go like this and let them continue to do whatever they want to do, 'cause you not wasting an ounce of energy anymore.
 This is due to you having that fixer mentality.
 The moment you see some shit out of place, your mind starts formulating what needs to be done to get it fixed.
 You do this within yourself.
 And because you're a naturally caring person, you do this to anyone that's around you, but it got to a point where it was draining your energy. Because you're trying to fix things for people who can't see what you're trying to help them fix.


TikTok

 You used to want to be that person to people so bad because you wished you had someone to help you.
 You had to figure shit out the hard way, and that's why you saw it as helping someone out, but be...


TikTok

Understand, your journey.
 The hardships you went through.
 They couldn't interpret the help that you were trying to give them.
 And that's why they often pushed it to the side.
 Nah.
 You not.
 And don't be afraid to get on that front line behind yourself the most hot in your spirit



TikTok

Accept your help, accept your wisdom and insight.
 You gonna go like this and let them continue to do whatever they want to do, 'cause you not wasting an ounce of energy anymore.
 This is due to you having that fixer mentality.
 The moment you see some shit out of place, your mind starts formulating what needs to be done to get it fixed.
 You do this within yourself.
 And because you're a naturally caring person, you do this to anyone that's around you, but it got to a point where it was draining your energy. Because you're trying to fix things for people who can't see what you're trying to help them fix.


TikTok

 You used to want to be that person to people so bad because you wished you had someone to help you.
 You had to figure shit out the hard way, and that's why you saw it as helping someone out, but be...


TikTok

Understand, your journey.
 The hardships you went through.
 They couldn't interpret the help that you were trying to give them.
 And that's why they often pushed it to the side.
 Nah.
 You not.
 And don't be afraid to get on that front line behind yourself the most high in your spirit team, nigga.
 You might just have to be that voice.
 Motherfuckers might not be able to speak up the way you speak up and talk your shits.
 You know what I'm saying?
 See
 Motherfuckers might be scared to say the shit that you're willing to say.
 See, you like a kid with this shit.
 You gonna say the shit that come into your mind.


TikTok

 If the ancestors put it in your mind, you gonna speak up and say that shit.
 And this is why they fear your motherfucking ass because they fear the motherfucking deities that speak through you as well.
 Y'all work as a big ass team with this shit, nigga, you come from a motherfuckers of true speakers and shit like that.
 know what I'm saying?
 You wonder why you're the only one that speak that talk like that and talk that shit is because you a chief.
 you the main one.
 You the one that need to be on the front line for this shit.
 Speaking this shit, motherfuckers gonna gravitate to you the way that you say this shit, all that, it's attractive and all that.
 You got magnetism, you got attraction like a motherfucker out through the roof, and you got motherfuckers that's backing you up while you do your journey, man.


TikTok

 Fuck how everybody else doing.
 Fuck what they doing.
 Fuck how they doing.
 You feel



TikTok

Accept your help, accept your wisdom and insight.
 You gonna go like this and let them continue to do whatever they want to do, 'cause you not wasting an ounce of energy anymore.
 This is due to you having that fixer mentality.
 The moment you see some shit out of place, your mind starts formulating what needs to be done to get it fixed.
 You do this within yourself.
 And because you're a naturally caring person, you do this to anyone that's around you, but it got to a point where it was draining your energy. Because you're trying to fix things for people who can't see what you're trying to help them fix.


TikTok

 You used to want to be that person to people so bad because you wished you had someone to help you.
 You had to figure shit out the hard way, and that's why you saw it as helping someone out, but be...


TikTok

Understand, your journey.
 The hardships you went through.
 They couldn't interpret the help that you were trying to give them.
 And that's why they often pushed it to the side.
 Nah.
 You not.
 And don't be afraid to get on that front line behind yourself the most high in your spirit team, nigga.
 You might just have to be that voice.
 Motherfuckers might not be able to speak up the way you speak up and talk your shits.
 You know what I'm saying?
 See
 Motherfuckers might be scared to say the shit that you're willing to say.
 See, you like a kid with this shit.
 You gonna say the shit that come into your mind.


TikTok

 If the ancestors put it in your mind, you gonna speak up and say that shit.
 And this is why they fear your motherfucking ass because they fear the motherfucking deities that speak through you as well.
 Y'all work as a big ass team with this shit, nigga, you come from a motherfuckers of true speakers and shit like that.
 know what I'm saying?
 You wonder why you're the only one that speak that talk like that and talk that shit is because you a chief.
 you the main one.
 You the one that need to be on the front line for this shit.
 Speaking this shit, motherfuckers gonna gravitate to you the way that you say this shit, all that, it's attractive and all that.
 You got magnetism, you got attraction like a motherfucker out through the roof, and you got motherfuckers that's backing you up while you do your journey, man.


TikTok

 Fuck how everybody else doing.
 Fuck what they doing.
 Fuck how they doing.
 You feel me?
 Play your role.
 Because you might just be able to play the role that nobody else could play around this bitch.
 You trying to do?
 You feel me?
 You trying to play the role that everybody else playing.
 Fuck all that.
 The most I got something for you divinely.
 All you want to be out there, you want to step into that spotlight?
 We got a good role for your motherfucking ass.
 You hear me?
 Collective, you're under spiritual attack, motherfucker.
 Literally.
 Big attack.


TikTok

 But you get through every one of them, because of your faith.
 God only blesses the faithful and the obedient.
 You definitely both of those.
 But you are under spiritual attack.
 Listen, when you're under spiritual attack, that's when you need to be, like, the safest.
 You know what I mean?
 You can't be out in the streets and places where you can't be unless you



TikTok

Accept your help, accept your wisdom and insight.
 You gonna go like this and let them continue to do whatever they want to do, 'cause you not wasting an ounce of energy anymore.
 This is due to you having that fixer mentality.
 The moment you see some shit out of place, your mind starts formulating what needs to be done to get it fixed.
 You do this within yourself.
 And because you're a naturally caring person, you do this to anyone that's around you, but it got to a point where it was draining your energy. Because you're trying to fix things for people who can't see what you're trying to help them fix.


TikTok

 You used to want to be that person to people so bad because you wished you had someone to help you.
 You had to figure shit out the hard way, and that's why you saw it as helping someone out, but be...


TikTok

Understand, your journey.
 The hardships you went through.
 They couldn't interpret the help that you were trying to give them.
 And that's why they often pushed it to the side.
 Nah.
 You not.
 And don't be afraid to get on that front line behind yourself the most high in your spirit team, nigga.
 You might just have to be that voice.
 Motherfuckers might not be able to speak up the way you speak up and talk your shits.
 You know what I'm saying?
 See
 Motherfuckers might be scared to say the shit that you're willing to say.
 See, you like a kid with this shit.
 You gonna say the shit that come into your mind.


TikTok

 If the ancestors put it in your mind, you gonna speak up and say that shit.
 And this is why they fear your motherfucking ass because they fear the motherfucking deities that speak through you as well.
 Y'all work as a big ass team with this shit, nigga, you come from a motherfuckers of true speakers and shit like that.
 know what I'm saying?
 You wonder why you're the only one that speak that talk like that and talk that shit is because you a chief.
 you the main one.
 You the one that need to be on the front line for this shit.
 Speaking this shit, motherfuckers gonna gravitate to you the way that you say this shit, all that, it's attractive and all that.
 You got magnetism, you got attraction like a motherfucker out through the roof, and you got motherfuckers that's backing you up while you do your journey, man.


TikTok

 Fuck how everybody else doing.
 Fuck what they doing.
 Fuck how they doing.
 You feel me?
 Play your role.
 Because you might just be able to play the role that nobody else could play around this bitch.
 You trying to do?
 You feel me?
 You trying to play the role that everybody else playing.
 Fuck all that.
 The most I got something for you divinely.
 All you want to be out there, you want to step into that spotlight?
 We got a good role for your motherfucking ass.
 You hear me?
 Collective, you're under spiritual attack, motherfucker.
 Literally.
 Big attack.


TikTok

 But you get through every one of them, because of your faith.
 God only blesses the faithful and the obedient.
 You definitely both of those.
 But you are under spiritual attack.
 Listen, when you're under spiritual attack, that's when you need to be, like, the safest.
 You know what I mean?
 You can't be out in the streets and places where you can't be unless you're looking for that shit.
 Unless you're looking for that drama unless you're looking for the action.


TikTok

 And, oh, we know you love that shit.
 Used to creep in the shadows.
 I heard you were best friends with some of your shadows.
 You got them under control.
 You know the balance.
 You equal it out.
 Actually, I do want to be the one to tell you this shit, but whoever I'm fucking talking to, man, you just don't get under people's skin.
 You turn their asses inside out



TikTok

Accept your help, accept your wisdom and insight.
 You gonna go like this and let them continue to do whatever they want to do, 'cause you not wasting an ounce of energy anymore.
 This is due to you having that fixer mentality.
 The moment you see some shit out of place, your mind starts formulating what needs to be done to get it fixed.
 You do this within yourself.
 And because you're a naturally caring person, you do this to anyone that's around you, but it got to a point where it was draining your energy. Because you're trying to fix things for people who can't see what you're trying to help them fix.


TikTok

 You used to want to be that person to people so bad because you wished you had someone to help you.
 You had to figure shit out the hard way, and that's why you saw it as helping someone out, but be...


TikTok

Understand, your journey.
 The hardships you went through.
 They couldn't interpret the help that you were trying to give them.
 And that's why they often pushed it to the side.
 Nah.
 You not.
 And don't be afraid to get on that front line behind yourself the most high in your spirit team, nigga.
 You might just have to be that voice.
 Motherfuckers might not be able to speak up the way you speak up and talk your shits.
 You know what I'm saying?
 See
 Motherfuckers might be scared to say the shit that you're willing to say.
 See, you like a kid with this shit.
 You gonna say the shit that come into your mind.


TikTok

 If the ancestors put it in your mind, you gonna speak up and say that shit.
 And this is why they fear your motherfucking ass because they fear the motherfucking deities that speak through you as well.
 Y'all work as a big ass team with this shit, nigga, you come from a motherfuckers of true speakers and shit like that.
 know what I'm saying?
 You wonder why you're the only one that speak that talk like that and talk that shit is because you a chief.
 you the main one.
 You the one that need to be on the front line for this shit.
 Speaking this shit, motherfuckers gonna gravitate to you the way that you say this shit, all that, it's attractive and all that.
 You got magnetism, you got attraction like a motherfucker out through the roof, and you got motherfuckers that's backing you up while you do your journey, man.


TikTok

 Fuck how everybody else doing.
 Fuck what they doing.
 Fuck how they doing.
 You feel me?
 Play your role.
 Because you might just be able to play the role that nobody else could play around this bitch.
 You trying to do?
 You feel me?
 You trying to play the role that everybody else playing.
 Fuck all that.
 The most I got something for you divinely.
 All you want to be out there, you want to step into that spotlight?
 We got a good role for your motherfucking ass.
 You hear me?
 Collective, you're under spiritual attack, motherfucker.
 Literally.
 Big attack.


TikTok

 But you get through every one of them, because of your faith.
 God only blesses the faithful and the obedient.
 You definitely both of those.
 But you are under spiritual attack.
 Listen, when you're under spiritual attack, that's when you need to be, like, the safest.
 You know what I mean?
 You can't be out in the streets and places where you can't be unless you're looking for that shit.
 Unless you're looking for that drama unless you're looking for the action.


TikTok

 And, oh, we know you love that shit.
 Used to creep in the shadows.
 I heard you were best friends with some of your shadows.
 You got them under control.
 You know the balance.
 You equal it out.
 Actually, I do want to be the one to tell you this shit, but whoever I'm fucking talking to, man, you just don't get under people's skin.
 You turn their asses inside out, and some of these sorry asses should react to your assistance, like you walked into a church and started fucking flipping tables and shit.


TikTok

 So a matter of fact, whoever I'm talking to, you're the human equivalent of a surprise, IRS, IRS audit and shit, and nobody's excited when you fucking ass shows up and shit.
 And that's because whether they admit it or not, they know something's about to fucking get exposed and shit when you ask, whoever I'm talking to is around and shit.
 You walk into a room and people start acting different because your words are dangerous as fucking hell because you're fucking observing and shit.



TikTok

This nigga trusted?
 Okay, cool.
 Let me throw you that.
 Let me go throw you that so you keep trusting, nigga.
 God's gonna always fulfill you to keep doing what the fuck you need to do.
 You can't get what you need and go back



waste of money. The science of quantum computing dubius and why no one has actually gotten a quantum computer that can come anywhere close to a classical computer in decades. Entaglement and superposition that underscores the tech isnt well understood and prob missunderstood.
ACCELERATING QUANTUM INNOVATION: Today, President Donald J. Trump signed an Executive Order to supercharge U.S. innovation in quantum technologies and strengthen our national security in this critical area.
The Order directs the Assistant to the President for Science and Technology, in coordination with other relevant government leaders, to update the National Quantum Strategy to support quantum-enabling technology and encourage partnerships with U.S. industry.
The Order establishes a national effort to develop the first ever quantum computer powerful enough to initiate the era of quantum-enabled scientific discovery and accelerate quantum capabilities for commercial applications. This includes evaluations of quantum computing system capabilities, an assessment of the resources necessary to build this science-enabling quantum computer, and development of specifications for such a system.
The Order directs the Assistant to the President for Science and Technology to coordinate this effort across the Departments of Energy, War, Commerce, and the Intelligence Community, as well as with U.S. industry and research leaders.
The Order calls on the Secretaries of Commerce, War, and Energy and the NASA Administrator to develop plans to deploy quantum-enabled sensors and networks in the next five years.
The Order prioritizes the development of a strong American quantum workforce through the expansion of registered apprenticeships, credentials, and the creation of National Quantum Workforce Development Institutes. It also directs the development of a plan and other measures to ensure adequate domestic supply chains and manufacturing capabilities for quantum technologies, as well as appropriate funding support for such efforts.
The Order reconstitutes the National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee and directs the expansion of the Quantum Counterintelligence Protection Team. It also directs appropriate engagement with international partners on quantum matters.
STRENGTHENING AMERICA’S QUANTUM ADVANTAGE: President Trump recognizes that quantum technologies are on the verge of a massive commercial breakthrough and require a bold new policy approach to ensure America continues to lead the field.
Quantum technologies, like a quantum computer or a quantum sensor, will provide transformational capabilities in manufacturing, drug discovery, energy, agriculture, and more. These breakthroughs will drive American innovation, power economic growth, generate high-paying jobs in existing and entirely new industries, and bolster national security.
Competing nations are moving quickly to challenge America’s quantum leadership, including adversarial countries that would use quantum to undermine U.S. economic and national security.
The Order ensures that the United States enters this new era of quantum innovation with ambitious national goals, a strong domestic workforce, and trusted supply chains in coordination with our international allies and partners.
FURTHERING AMERICA’S TECHNOLOGICAL DOMINANCE: President Trump continues to prioritize U.S. leadership and dominance in critical and emerging sciences and technologies.
In 2018, President Trump signed the National Quantum Initiative Act into law, establishing the first whole-of-government strategy for American leadership in quantum.
President Trump was the first president to identify quantum as an emerging research and development priority for the nation, resulting in a doubling of the Federal research and development budget for quantum.
In January 2025, President Trump announced the establishment of the President’s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology to spearhead American innovation and competitiveness in critical and emerging technologies.
In November 2025, President Trump signed an Executive Order launching the Genesis Mission, a new national effort to use artificial intelligence to transform how scientific research is conducted and accelerate the speed of scientific discoveries across multiple fields, including quantum.
The Trump Administration has invested $625 million so far in major national quantum research institutes, in partnership with industry and academia.
America will be the world's leader in Quantum technologies.
Make America Great Again
X

about that that helped unleash millions of dollars of private
Quantum technologies represents the next generation of innovation across computing, sensing, and networking with enormous significance for our country's economic growth, scientific research, and cyber security is really a big deal that we're doing today, and the country is doing really well, as you know.
 In 2018, I signed the National Quantum Initiative Act into law, which led to doubling the federal government investment in quantum research and development.


X

 I think you all know about that.
 That helped unleash 1000000000s of dollars of private investment in America's quantum industrial base, promoting significant scientific and technological progress like progress like we've never seen before, actually.
 We want to keep that positive momentum going in America with the orders that I'm signing today, and these will really have a, I think, place it a big step forward.
 We're already the leader by a lot.
 And we're going to be now the leader by a lot more. The 1st executive order launches a national effort to produce a quantum computer capable, performing important scientific calculations, and to develop quantum enabled sensors and networks in the next 5 years, and we're going to be investing in American quantum leadership, like never before, to stay ahead of the pack.


X

 We're way ahead right now.
 We'll keep it that way.
 The 2nd order I'm signing directs federal agency to transition to what is called quantum cryptography.
 Do anybody know what that is?
 You're going to hear very soon.
 So you're going to find it interesting cryptography for their computer systems by 2031 and to lead the way for wider adoption of these extremely strong security standards.
 America is celebrating 250 years of ingenuity, innovation, and invention this year, and today's commitment to quantum leadership will help secure that legacy for decades to come.


X

Mom!


X

And I am not from your time.
 Clearly.
 Clearly not saying.
 History remembers Nikola Tesla as the wizard of electricity.
 A man dreamed a world that without wires, who claim to hear voices carried through cosmic currents, but history does not record what happened in the quiet hours.
 January.
 1913, inside the Yorkard Hotel.
 Because that night, if the whispers were true, I saw something no scientist had ever seen before.
 A visitor stepping out of time itself.


X

 Mr. Tesla, I had to come.
 They said only you, understand?
 Understand what?
 But the future is in danger.
 And the past folds the key.
 The past?
 Mr. Tesla, I travel here from 1838.
 50 years before Tesla's death, a little known American lawyer named Ingersoll Lockwood, bent two novels.
 At the time, they seemed like curious works of Victorian fantasy, but more than a century later.
 it will be rediscovered.
 and the coincidences would shake the Internet to its core.
 In 1893, Lockwood released Baron Trump's marvelous underground journey.
 The tale follows a precocious boy, Baron Trump, who inherits a mysterious manuscript.
 It is written by a nickname Don Foom. In its cryptic words, lies a map to his own.


X

 Barring the part from Castle Trump, journeys across Russia, and descends into vast underground worlds. Along the way, he meets strange peoples, discovers portals between dimensions.
 and learns that the future is shaped by choices in forgotten places.
 The path is written through Russia, the Nephi Earth, to worlds unknown.
 Three years later, in 1896, Lockwood published another tale, the last president.
 Its opening pages describe New York in chaos after a populist outsider wins the presidency.
 Protesters flood 5th Avenue.
 Stores are looted.
 The city teeters on the brink of civil war.
 To modernize, the parallels are uncanny.
 A boy named Baron Trump, popular president, New York in upheaval, were these the inventions of a whimsical writer, were fragments of something else, a glimpse of events not yet lived.


X

 Lockwood was no profit.
 He was a lawyer.
 A sad risk.
 His books fell into obscurity gathering dust for a century.
 And yet, when they resurfaced in the digital age, the coincidences mark the storm.
 People ask, Were these simply stories?
 Where were the echoes?
 Echoes of a timeline that someone, somehow, had already walked.
 What if Lockwood did not invent Baron Trump?
 What if he remembered him?
 What if these tales were not fiction at home? For the record of the travelers down between worlds, leading thing footprints in history pages.
 January 7, 1943, Nikola Tesla is found dead in his hotel room.
 Once the celebrated genius who lit the world in his final years, he was dismissed as eccentric, obsessed with pigeons, ranting about death rays.


X

 Convinced spies were watching his every move.
 But behind the strangeness lay a man still haunted by visions.
 Tesla had claimed that during his high voltage experiments, he sometimes saw the past, present, and future, unfolding together.
 As if lightning had torn a hole through time itself, showing glimpses beyond human reach.
 Most dismissed it as madness.
 But what if he was right?
 The day he died, federal agents swept through his room.
 They see his trunks filled with notebooks, diagrams, and devices.
 Officially, they were cataloged and locked away.
 Rumors spread.
 Of blueprints were dea beams, limitless energy machines.
 Even devices that could bend time itself.
 One man was called to review these papers, John G. Trump, an MIT professor, expert in high voltage physics, and uncle of a boy who would one day become president of the United States.


X

 Officially, John Trump dismissed the work.
 He called it speculative, brilliant, but impractical.
 Yet the story does not end there.
 If assembling he found more, he admitted, they became the guardian of something Tesla had lips, something never meant to be forgotten.
 Tell me, boy, you speak of danger.
 Yes?
 Mr. Tesla, the timeline is breaking.
 They will bury your work. One of your own will keep it alive.
 One of my own?
 Who's there?
 What do you want?


X

 Guard them well, John.
 The future is written within those papers.
 Speculation, visions, nonsense.
 Who are you?
 John, that's not nonsense.
 It a map.
 The official record says John Trump found nothing about you in Tesla's papers and patents.
 Just need to know the truth, John.
 Was he onto something or not?
 What if that dismissal was only a mask?
 What if Bound Trump himself insured that Tesla's vision did not die?
 That it was carried forward, hidden until the future was ready to clean it?
 Look, I hope the work is radical, it's fringe nonsense, the work of a madman.
 In the final days of World War II, the world learned the name Vernon Von Braun.
 was the architect of the V2 Rocket, a weapon of terror that struck London at Antwerp.


X

 As Germany fell, the Allies scrambled for secrets.
 Both Russia and America wanted Von Braun and his team, through Operation Paper Clip, on time, who spoke to America.
 Here his genius was re forged, not for war, but for exploration.
 He would go on to design the Saturn 5 rocket, the engine that carried humanity to the moon.
 But before that, in 1948, Von Braun wrote something Stranger, a science fiction novel called Project Mars, in its pages, Von Braun imagined the colonization of Mars.
 He described vast space faring vessels, nuclear engines, and a new society borne by the aliens guys.
 The one passage stands out, the leader of Mars, von Braunrof, would not be called the president.
 nor king, instead.
 Instead, the ruler of Mars would carry another title.


X

 He would be gone, the Elon.
 At the time, the name meant nothing.
 It was a curious detail, lost in a book you would read.
 But decades later, a man named Elon would rise, Elon Musk, a boy born in South Africa, who grew up dreaming of rockets, a man who would one day stand before cameras, and declare that his destiny was to build a city on Mars.
 Coincidence or prophecy.
 Did brown a man obsessed with rockets in the stars, glimpse more than he could explained, was the Elon, just a name plucked from imagination, or a fragment whispered from another timeline?
 Elon Musk is not a character.
 He is real.
 His rockets roar into the sky.


X

 His vision is clear.
 Make humanity a multi planetary species, or perish on Earth.
 But the question remains, did he choose this path, or was it chosen for him long before he was born?
 Boy in 1893, a genius in 1943.
 Custodian Secrets in 1943, a rocket architect in 1948, an entrepreneur in our time, each operated by decades, each connected by threats too strange to ignore.
 Was this really coincidence?
 Or choreography?
 Tesla once said, The past, the present, and the future are one. To him, time was not a line, but a current.
 The stream of energy that could be seen, tapped, perhaps he can traveled.


X

 What if Tesla was right?
 What if these moments were not random?
 What echoes of the same pulse reverberating through history?
 Patterns, yes, the past, the present, the future.
 All one stream.
 You see?
 The answer was hidden in plain sight all along.
 What if time is not fixed?
 What if it bends in loops?
 Replaying itself until someone finally listens.
 What if Baron Trump was not a character?
 but a traveler?
 leaving behind breadcrumbs for us to follow?
 A manuscript of the 1890s.
 This manuscript contains everything you need.
 Good luck.
 A warning in the 1940s, a vision in our century.
 We are told events are accidents.
 Leaders rise by chance.
 Discoveries are made in isolation.
 But what if it is all one design?


X

 What if every age has been touched by the same hand?
 The same traveler moving between worlds?
 If so, then what comes next?
 If Alan truly walked into Tesla's lab into John Trump's office, if he whispered through Von Braun's pages, and now into Elon Musk's vision,
 Then we are not writing our own future.
 We are following a map left for us long ago.
 Elon Musk speaks of Mars, not his fantasy, but as inevitability, stainless steel towers rise from the Texas coast, engines roar like thunder from another age.
 His words are clear.
 Become multiplanetary or face extinction.
 For many, this is ambition.


X

 For Musk, it is destiny, but was that destiny chosen by Musk, or chosen for him?
 Werner von Braun, writing in 1948, declared that the ruler of Mars would be called the Elon. Decades later, Musk bears that name, building ships to claim that very planet.
 Coincidence, or prophecy fulfilled.
 Destiny was always yours.
 Prophecy is only a story that survives long enough to meet reality.
 Lockwood's novels, Tesla's visions, John Trump's guardianship, Von Bronze manuscripts, Musk's rockets.
 each piece scattered across centuries, each pointing to the same horizon, Mars.


X

 And so the question is no longer whether the question is, who lit the path?
 It must follow his own dream.
 or footsteps left by a traveler who walked it first.
 Hey, man.
 you new around here?
 With respect.
 Who?
 Who are you, sir?
 Just a traveler.
 I like what you've done with the place.
 Cool.
 Maybe these were only stories.
 Lockwood weaving fantasy, Tesla Chasing Lightning, Bundrawn writing science fiction, Musk following ambition.
 But perhaps, the dream was a message.
 Perhaps the message was a map.
 And perhaps, in rooms lit by coils and candlelight, the future one step through, to make sure we reached it.



X

41 years ago, Albert Einstein, 121 years ago.
 Albert Einstein published a paper...
 Nobody cares.
 Good point.
 Good point.
.
 And usually, they won't catch you, but good.
 P some paper on the photo electric effect.
 Recognizing the quantum behavior of light, that it came in quanta.
 40 years after that, President Trump's uncle, John Trump, was a pioneer in applying, like, radiation, and the reflections of it to develop radar at the MIT radiation lab, critical in D Day, critical in the end, in winning World War II.


X

 That's the parallel of quantum innovation. 40 years after that, John Martinez, down there, pioneered taking quantum effects and building him into a device to capture that behavior.
 He was awarded the Nobel Prize and Physics just last year for that discovery, that breakthrough.
 But 40 years, quantum phenomena are tough to harvest and tough to work with, but here we are, thanks to President Trump's leadership in the first term with Director Kratzios, to launch a major national effort on quantum.


X

 This is taking it to the next level.
 The future of computing is gonna be a three legged stool, Thai performance computing, basically Moore's law, and semiconductor manufacturing.
 It's artificial intelligence that everyone's seeing and hearing about that's supercharging it.
 The third leg of that computing stool is gonna be scientifically relevant quantum computing.
 This is tricky.
 We're not there yet.
 We're close.
 But with this executive order, and this coordinated effort, we will have scientifically relevant, meaning error corrected, quantum computing during this administration, the impacts of it will be tremendous.



X

41 years ago, Albert Einstein, 121 years ago.
 Albert Einstein published a paper...
 Nobody cares.
 Good point.
 Good point.
.
 And usually, they won't catch you, but good.
 P some paper on the photo electric effect.
 Recognizing the quantum behavior of light, that it came in quanta.
 40 years after that, President Trump's uncle, John Trump, was a pioneer in applying, like, radiation, and the reflections of it to develop radar at the MIT radiation lab, critical in D Day, critical in the end, in winning World War II.


X

 That's the parallel of quantum innovation. 40 years after that, John Martinez, down there, pioneered taking quantum effects and building him into a device to capture that behavior.
 He was awarded the Nobel Prize and Physics just last year for that discovery, that breakthrough.
 But 40 years, quantum phenomena are tough to harvest and tough to work with, but here we are, thanks to President Trump's leadership in the first term with Director Kratzios, to launch a major national effort on quantum.


X

 This is taking it to the next level.
 The future of computing is gonna be a three legged stool, Thai performance computing, basically Moore's law, and semiconductor manufacturing.
 It's artificial intelligence that everyone's seeing and hearing about that's supercharging it.
 The third leg of that computing stool is gonna be scientifically relevant quantum computing.
 This is tricky.
 We're not there yet.
 We're close.
 But with this executive order, and this coordinated effort, we will have scientifically relevant, meaning error corrected, quantum computing during this administration, the impacts of it will be tremendous.


X

Nuclear reactor was just turned on in the water supply of 50000000 people.


X

Yes, thank you, Mr. Pratt.


X

It's a 100


X

Uh, Well, we're going to build a.
The amazing thing that I've learned is just the enormous, insatiable appetite that the world has for American technology.
 And just last week, we signed a historic deal with the Philippines 4000 acres right next to Subic Bay.
 where we're going to build a 1st of its kind, AI native industrial park.
 And the goal is really to secure inputs that are vital for American and global supply chains.
 As you know, we are engaged in a massive reindustrialization effort in the US.


X

 A lot of those factories depend on so many different inputs that come from all corners of the world. And right now, there is a massive overconcentration of those inputs from China.
 And so the goal is we are walking and chewing gum at the same time.
 We need to reindustrialize at home while making sure that all the factories that are in Ohio and in Oklahoma, and in Virginia, actually have all of the inputs and niche, motors and components that they need to keep running and actually being cost competitive.
 And so we're looking and triaging interest from a number of different companies.


X

 in order to consider, you know, what the long-term buildout is going to look like in the Philippines, and it's very exciting to actually build this out from a 1st principles and actually create a platform out of it.
who actually have a more capitalist approach to their economy, actually outgrow and do better, than countries that are more socialist.
 And that's just a fact.
 And I really wish Europeans saw that and kind of took that feedback because it feels like they're trying everything but that.


X

We will bring it down.
 Messi in the more central.



X

41 years ago, Albert Einstein, 121 years ago.
 Albert Einstein published a paper...
 Nobody cares.
 Good point.
 Good point.
.
 And usually, they won't catch you, but good.
 P some paper on the photo electric effect.
 Recognizing the quantum behavior of light, that it came in quanta.
 40 years after that, President Trump's uncle, John Trump, was a pioneer in applying, like, radiation, and the reflections of it to develop radar at the MIT radiation lab, critical in D Day, critical in the end, in winning World War II.


X

 That's the parallel of quantum innovation. 40 years after that, John Martinez, down there, pioneered taking quantum effects and building him into a device to capture that behavior.
 He was awarded the Nobel Prize and Physics just last year for that discovery, that breakthrough.
 But 40 years, quantum phenomena are tough to harvest and tough to work with, but here we are, thanks to President Trump's leadership in the first term with Director Kratzios, to launch a major national effort on quantum.


X

 This is taking it to the next level.
 The future of computing is gonna be a three legged stool, Thai performance computing, basically Moore's law, and semiconductor manufacturing.
 It's artificial intelligence that everyone's seeing and hearing about that's supercharging it.
 The third leg of that computing stool is gonna be scientifically relevant quantum computing.
 This is tricky.
 We're not there yet.
 We're close.
 But with this executive order, and this coordinated effort, we will have scientifically relevant, meaning error corrected, quantum computing during this administration, the impacts of it will be tremendous.


X

Nuclear reactor was just turned on in the water supply of 50000000 people.


X

Yes, thank you, Mr. Pratt.


X

It's a 100


X

Uh, Well, we're going to build a.
The amazing thing that I've learned is just the enormous, insatiable appetite that the world has for American technology.
 And just last week, we signed a historic deal with the Philippines 4000 acres right next to Subic Bay.
 where we're going to build a 1st of its kind, AI native industrial park.
 And the goal is really to secure inputs that are vital for American and global supply chains.
 As you know, we are engaged in a massive reindustrialization effort in the US.


X

 A lot of those factories depend on so many different inputs that come from all corners of the world. And right now, there is a massive overconcentration of those inputs from China.
 And so the goal is we are walking and chewing gum at the same time.
 We need to reindustrialize at home while making sure that all the factories that are in Ohio and in Oklahoma, and in Virginia, actually have all of the inputs and niche, motors and components that they need to keep running and actually being cost competitive.
 And so we're looking and triaging interest from a number of different companies.


X

 in order to consider, you know, what the long-term buildout is going to look like in the Philippines, and it's very exciting to actually build this out from a 1st principles and actually create a platform out of it.
who actually have a more capitalist approach to their economy, actually outgrow and do better, than countries that are more socialist.
 And that's just a fact.
 And I really wish Europeans saw that and kind of took that feedback because it feels like they're trying everything but that.


X

We will bring it down.
 Messi in the more central.


X

Because I'm about to shatter everything you knew was true.
 We start with a Q primer video here.
 This video has some age on it, but it still rings true today.
 VD quality is a little lacking, but the content is what matters.
 See you on the other side.
 Have you ever wondered why we go to war or why you never seem to be able to get out of debt, why there was poverty division and crime?
 I told you there was a reason for it all?
 What if I told you it was done on purpose?
 What if I told you that those who were corrupting the world, poisoning our food, igniting conflict, were themselves about to be permanently eradicated from the Earth?
 You might think that an idealistic fantasy.
 Well, let me tell you a story.
 We acknowledge there are criminals, of course.
 They rob your house, they steal your phone.
 They convert you too if they think they can get away with it.


X

 We have all experienced criminals in one way or another.
 Criminals, as we know, are those who choose personal gain over the rights of others, and have no regard for the law.
 But here's where you need to expand your thinking.
 Criminals can also succeed in business and politics and can be elected as our leaders.
 If a criminal became present, imagine what they could achieve.
 They could use the full weight of their executive power to commit much larger crimes, and ensure they and their friends were enriched to the fullestics than possible.
 A criminal president could create alliances with other criminal presents and then collaborate on more global criminal activities.
 Anything goes, drug running, human trafficking, whatever makes the big bucks.
 The 20th century was turbulent with war, economic disaster, famines and displacement.
 We've always accepted these things as just human nature, and simply the way the world works.
 Something you know, and view the weaknesses of human nature that drives us to these actions.


X

 This is where we were all tragically wrong.
 You are not a criminal.
 I'm not a criminal.
 So how can we just assume that it is human nature that is driving all this pain and misery?
 if it wasn't human nature at all?
 And as a result of something more deliberate?
 We were taught that capitalism was the cause of a massive report divide, and the reason for poverty, which in fair is the reason for war, crime, starvation.
 Others were taught that communism, the system of equal wealth across all people, was really to blame for the mess.
 But you see, folks, it is none of these things.
 It is not our nature to fight and be racist.
 It is not in our nature to rob from others.
 What you must learn is that it was the criminals all along.
 If they got power.
 More power than a promotion ever have.
 They rose to the top media companies that control our news and entertainment.
 They send it to the top of the banking system.
 Also to the O office, to Brussels.


X

 To the Vatican, to the ground.
 They crept in widely.
 They became leaders of agricultural companies who have control of our food supply.
 Also big pharmaceutical companies, the ones we trust to help us when we're sick.
 Nobody stop them.
 And they just recruited more criminals to help them.
 First, they accumulated the world's wealth.
 They invented a system of money called central banking, which lends money to governments with interest, placing countries into returnal debt.
 People's wealth got less.
 their wealth got more.
 Much more.
 When a criminal is already as rich as they can get, then protecting their ill gotten games becomes a priority.
 Angry citizens tired of being poor, or a major obstacle, and can revolve if they suffer enough.
 The criminals needed to prevent this.
 So they diverted attention to the last remaining competitor, the people of the world.
 You and me.
 We were not happy being ruled by criminals and having to work 3 jobs just to survive.


X

 They know we won't accept it.
 So they use that control of the media to stick wack against wide, one against man.
 Young against old, Muslim against Christian.
 They convinced us we were the problem, so that we would fight and destroy ourselves. To get it done faster, they attacked all aspects of humanity that make us strong, like family, using their influence of the culture.
 They popularize lifestyle choices that led to surge in broken homes, lost youth.
 All day, but how else they deliberately weakened us and it would turn your stomach.
 We were just trying to get on with living.
 So where are all the good guys?
 Good people just want to get married, have kids, make a living, and enjoy their liberty.
 Well, they were good guys.
 Many.
 One became the president of the United States in January, 1961.


X

 He knew about these criminals and one of them gone.
 He knew their intentions were us all.
 He wanted to fight them. Sadly, he had no idea how powerful they had become.
 Reagan also had good intentions for the American people.
 He knew this criminal mafia controlled almost everything by the stage, including the powerful role of intelligence agencies.
 His economic policies were promising, but the criminals need a weak America to hold onto their power.
 Reagan was shown with the bullet that a growing US economy and prosper citizens were not with the criminals wide.
 It was looking pretty grand for good people.
 Every time someone wanted to stand up and do the right thing, they got stopped.
 Were we ever to be freed?
 These criminals are also known as the deep state, work a ball because of how they control things behind the scenes.
 Every president after Reagan was one of these deep state criminals, and their empire got even stronger. With each bad president came new deaths in America, and the world would sink.


X

 The world collapsed into darkness.
 Do you need me to tell you how?
 Destroy factories, declining job numbers, secret people, opioids, destruction of Iraq, Syria, and Yemen with pointless war.
 Displacement of people in Europe, Isis, terrorism, collapse governments, poverty, and genocide.
 Total misery.
 Do you think that was inevitable?
 Hell no.
 Well, here's where things starts taking your turn.
 When a full pitcher comes to be known, it will forever be regarded as the greatest story ever told.
 Well, here's the dog line.
 Some good people still held positions power.
 They value humanity, other rule it all.
 While the criminals discuss their game plan at the annual delivery meetings, the good guys were making plans on their own.
 The information age was coming to change history forever.
 As the internet flooded to every home, and appliances post order.


X

 When people started carrying tracking devices, an opportunity to put an anti criminal control over the world was emergent.
 We became connected, trackable, and surveilled, but so did they.
 They became dependent, just like we did.
 on email, SMS, instant communication.
 It may find much easier, but it also put them on a grid that, if accessed by the right people, would expose their crimes to the public and end their iron grip on us once and for all.
 In this new age of information.
 It was thought that the military should also have its own intelligence agency to focus on cybercrime and espionage.
 They call this the NSA National Security Agency.
 Here, we had every phone call, email, and text from every device, or an archive.
 Whether it be someone making a doctor's appointment or the deep state sitting of a massive heroin purchase from the Taliban.
 In the right hands, it will be enough information to expose the entire sinister criminal plot to rub us wide and wipe us out.


X

 Hold that thought.
 Now I need to explain, plan.
 The good guys were devising a plan to reclaim the world from the cabal and return it to the people.
 It would involve alliances with multiple countries, since the criminals have global rap lines, train, and other infrastructure in place, that would meet your cooperation.
 It came down to 2 choices for America.
 Launch a military coup to seize the government from whichever cabal puppet was in the White House at the time, or win legitimately.
 Take control of the NSA, expose the criminals for what they are, and risk them all.
 Obviously, the 1st option will be very troubling for the public. With people still preoccupied with the ball engineers' social issues, they would likely revolt.
 hurt themselves numbers.
 No, it would have to be a letter.
 So they need a candidate who can win and who can win big.
 Many states like California have been so heavily inundated by criminals, and even voting machines were electronically set up to swing votes in which way.


X

 It would need to be a very decisive victory.
 Good patriots in the US military and their global partners.
 Ask Trump, join for president so they could take Mac control of America legitimately without alarming the public.
 Trunk was a good choice, obviously, because he overcame the vote fraud and won.
 But he was a patriot.
 He was loved and admired by the public.
 He was not interested in joining the cabal because they hated America.
 He did not agree with them on that point.
 As soon as he showed interest in taking power, the activated their media assets to viciously turn on him.
 That's when we saw the sudden hatred merge.
 Even when he won, the cabal still had no idea what he was a part of, and the sophisticated plan that was about to unfold against them.
 Shocked at their loss, they mobilized their full arsenal, intelligence, media, money, and technology to try to take back power.
 There are people at the top of the DOJ and FBI, then put together a plan to train Trump and have them impeached.


X

 This is where we come back to the NSA again.
 All messages were stored and could be used to expose this block and prevent trumps overthrone.
 An entire book will be written about the first 2 years of Trump's presidency, Volkswagen terror attacks, down planes, missile alerts, assassination attempts.
 Here's the point.
 The world is currently experiencing a dramatic covert war of biblical proportions, literally a fight for Earth, between forces of good and evil.
 I can't put it in simpler terms, but I can say it appears the good guys are winning.
 The cabal had complete control over North Korea.
 They hijacked the Kim dynasty, took them hostage, and worked to build up a nuclear arsenal that threatened the world.
 Kim John Gwen suddenly embracing peace was simply because of each state were beaten and driven out.
 ISIS was also destroyed in the year following crossline.
 We were all starting to see the pattern now that enough time has passed, and our biggest global concerns are starting to receive, and peace is returning.


X

 It is all evidence that the good guys were winning the war.
 We're still in the middle.
 While the lot is improving, it still puzzles many that most of these known criminals are still free.
 especially the higher ups like Hillary Clinton, the Bush, and Obama.
 That is coming in the next chapter of the story.
 That's why we have Q.
 The good guys with control over the NSA began the Q intelligence dissemination program to invoke an online grassroots movement that came to be called the Great Awakening.
 It started on underground, internet channel is gonna move to the mainstream.
 Q has been a fun distraction for those who follow world events and desire truth, but it is about to begin a much more important than necessary phase, keeping public informed by the DC war breaks out onto the surface.
 By this, I mean high profile rests.
 Yes, folks, the criminals I'm referring to are famous politicians, actors, singers, CEOs, and celebrities, people who have earned our trust, respect and admiration.


X

 They have done very bad things.
 They are all fully known and documented, and they will be severely punished.
 Those of us who have followed you since the beginning will be here to help you make sense of the coming events.
 We are among the first to realize that our petty partisan divisions are just trivial distractions, and we were all enslaved by a hidden enemy.
 We realized that the problem was never capitalism or socialism, Democrat or Republican, black or white, Muslim or Christian.
 We know it was just very powerful criminals who have too much power.
 Fellow slaves, it's time to buckle your seatbelt.
 Recognize your true enemy.
 Any brace on new future that we all owe to the brave patriots who risk their lives to achieve this retreat against the greatest force of evil.
 The world has ever known.
 May God bless America.


X

 Welcome back, Shocked.
 If you need a minute before you continue, I understand.
 I needed a week before it really sank in, but if you're ready, so am I.
 So now that you just got a crash course in what the queue operation is, let's talk about it for a moment.
 On November 22, 1963, John F. Kennedy was killed, shot in plain sight.
 Many of you wonder why was he killed?
 Because he knew too much, and he was going to do exactly what Trump is doing right at this very moment.
 Destroy the deep state.
 He knew the 1st step was to get rid of the central banking system in the US, as that was the deep state's main lever of control.
 in the U.S. from here on out.
 When I say they, I am referring to the cabal, deep state, whatever you want to call it.
 But back to topic.
 They knew what Kennedy was up to, so a coup was initiated by the CIA.


X

 You will find this out in the coming JFK files.
 This was a complete shock, as Kennedy knew, that the deep state was big, but underestimated them.
 Big time.
 Shortly after, it is believed that the good generals in the armed forces got together and knew something had to be done, because if they could kill a president on national television, what was next?
 This is where our story goes dark for a good while, roughly until 2015, during this dark time they were making plans to essentially enslave us all.
 But guess what?
 A counteroffensive was launched by our U.S. military dubbed the Q Op, president after president after JFK became as crooked as the other.
 During this time, the good guys were making their way into key spots within our government to establish control and finally attempt to overthrow them.


X

 The team attempted the overthrow again during the Reagan presidency, step by step and inch by inch.
 The good guys were attempting to bring us out of their control.
 Then the attempt came on Reagan's life.
 It was a warning across the bow from them, Reagan bugged out.
 So the Q team carried on, staying vigilant to the plan, but again underestimated them.
 More planning was needed.
 So let's fast forward to 2015.
 Okay, need a break yet?
 Is what I'm saying, making any sense?
 Looking back at our history yet?
 It should be.
 Knowing what you know now, it should be starting to resonate with you.
 But I digress.
 2015, the Q team knew this was their last shot, because if Hillary had won, she would have finished off America, and we would soon fall under world government control, completely obliterating the deep state, before we can go forward, let's go back a little bit, shall we?


X

 Who was Donald Trump's best friend in his midlife?
 JFK Jr.?
 Yep, you guessed it.
 The son of the man that started all this.
 JFK Jr. knew, and Hillary killed him for it.
 Trump had to be furious.
 It's rumored that Trump knew well before 2015 of the Q operation, but for arguments' sake, let's assume he didn't.
 So in saying that, in 2015, the good guys knew it was due or die time.
 They needed a champion, someone who could take it all on and win, someone who could win and win big over the corrupt voting systems, someone that was famous enough to take on the Clinton machine, but he had to do it on his own publicly. Trump knew all about the rig voting systems.
 Look at this excerpt from the Washington compost about Trump having 88 generals supporting him in the 2016 election.


X

 Q drop 14, an excerpt from it.
 Are you seeing it yet?
 Accepted in one, big.
 That why you saw after 2016, the media suddenly turned on him.
 They never thought she would lose.
 If Hillary had won, it would have been the end to the United States of America, as we know it.
 Most of us would be dead by now from imprisonment internment camps, or they would have tried to reprogram us with reeducation camps.
 That's why the White Hats, the good guys, knew this was now or never.
 Iraq was the starter.
 Hillary was the finisher.
 But Trump happened and ruined it all.
 In 2016, so many dark ops were ran, and Trump took control of the levers of government quickly.
 So much happened behind the scenes that books will be written about it in the coming years.


X

 But where do the queue drops fit into all of this, you say?
 Well, let me tell you.
 At that time in 2016, Trump had a choice to make.
 Do I utilize the military to take full-blown control of the deep state and round them up and arrest them all?
 Exerpt for queue post 142.
 No, we couldn't do that.
 The public wasn't ready for it.
 There would have been mass chaos, rioting in the streets, et cetera.
 The world was still too inundated into the Matrix and unaware of all the crimes against humanity, and still trusted them.
 It would have cost too many lives and too much chaos.
 So how do we achieve the results we need?
 That's where you step in, the nuns.
 Trump knew that he had to get the majority of America to wake up to all the evilness in the world.
 It's time for you, the person reading this to take the oath and join the greatest civil military operation in history.


X

 Will you answer the call?
 Q Post 4511, the greatest military civilian alliance ever.
 Where we go one, we go all.
 Now that you have made the decision to take the oath and defend your country, let's dive more into the queue op as you need more history.
 before you step out into the battlefield.
 Back to the history.
 So, as you see, he had to first take out the deep state's biggest weapon, the mainstream media.
 Do you remember when he coined the term fake news?
 Yeah, that's why.
 He had to cut off the brainwashing to the messes.
 Trump knew this was the slow, painful way to go, but the road with the least casualties.
 The Q op team knew they had to do something extraordinary to wake the people up, thus the cube was created.
 They needed someone to spread the message to the masses, but information needed to come organically.


X

 Q could not give us all the info.
 The truth is learned and never told.
 They needed somewhere with critical thinkers, but where would they find these people with these unique skill sets?
 To be able to figure all this out with snippets of information,
 Let's keep going as we're about to get into the birth of the Q movement.
 On October 28th, 2017, an anonymous entity known as Q started posting on a website called 4 Chan on the Dark Web.
 These people on the message board were full of degenerates, full of porn, et cetera, but this board also had conspiracy theorists posting for years.
 People connecting dots, et cetera.
 The perfect place for the Q team to hide for a bit while dropping us crumbs to figure out the pieces to the puzzle.
 As time went on, Q kept posting intel that only military or people within Trump's inner circle could know.


X

 Authentic picks from inside Air Force One, et cetera.
 Anon's, short for anonymous posters, started putting 2 and 2 together and figured out this Q entity was, indeed, legit.
 But as you read the Q posts, you ask why so cryptic, so many codes, et cetera.
 These below were the very first cue posts.
 So you say, how could all this be real?
 Is everything I know a big lie?
 Is my history a lie?
 In short?
 Yes, absolutely.
 Remember that feeling I talked about in my 1st post?
 It was right.
 Your gut was right all along.
 Now the question is why so cryptic?
 The short answer is that the Q team had to avoid breaking national security laws.


X

 That would have effectively ended the operation right then and there, so we had to dig on information.
 Q asked questions and we answered after we dug, but you ask, how did we know it was the Q team posting?
 The boards had a unique identifier called a trip code that had to be inputted before every post.
 Only the operator knew it, not even the board owners knew it, so that created validity and security for the time being.
 An example below, and every time Q changed the trip code, Q would let us know by posting 1st under the old one first.
 Below is a video displaying what we call cue proofs.
 Events that track back to Let us Know Queue is legit and real.
 I wouldn't go any further till you watch this video by Anon 55 on X.


X

 Trump made a very ominous and dark speech about the decline of America, and, while doing so, music began playing, and the music sounded exactly like a song called WWGYWGA, where we go one, we go all. The 4 of us in the United States, who wants to be the next president, is now directly spreading the slogans of the conspiracy called QAnon.
 Trump has posted or reposted more than 100 messages linked to QAnon since the beginning of the year.
 The top of the theory is this belief that you are secretly saving the world from this Titanic cult of pedophiles and cannibals.
 Does that sound like something you are behind?
 Well, I haven't heard that, but, uh, is that supposed to be a bad time or a good time?
 If I can help save the world from problems, I'm willing to do it.


X

 I willing to put myself out there.
 And we are, actually.
 Cumanon, if it is this theory that Democrats are a satanic pedophile ring, and that you are the savior of that.
 Now, can you just, once and for all, state that that is completely not true?
 It'll get the vowel, you andon in its entirety.
 I know nothing about QAnon.
 They are very strongly against Pennsylvania.
 I agree with that.
 I mean, I do agree with that, and I agree with you. You don't know that?
 Okay, no, I don't know.
 You addressed me.
 How do you know that? This company is gone.
 The rest of the world would follow.
 The rest of the world will follow.
 That's the importance of this country.
 On January 29, 2018, in an ask you if Trump could work the phrase tips off into a state of union speech as a shout out to an aunt.


X

 Instead, Trump said it at the 2018 Easter egg roll with the white rabbit from Alex in Wonderland standing next to him.
 Keep this Incredible House, or Billy, or whatever you want to call it, because there is no name for it, is special.
 And we give it a TikTok shape.
 We go in sometimes city top J.
 That's a great, great place.
 He has used the phrase Alice in Wonderlanding Posts.
 Dropped in just fulfilling announce request, he pointed at you.
 And then unrequesting a hashtag Obama gates week from Trump and Trump posted Obama geek without the hashtag.
 On April 12th, 2018, Q posted Twitter down.
 Exactly one year later on April 12, 2019, Twitter went down.
 The same day that Twitter went down, the NSA posted a picture of AQ on their Twitter page.


X

 This is important because Q has referred to the NSA imposts.
 On November 2017, Trump posted a picture on Twitter with everyone giving a thumbs up.
 When an image is posted on Twitter, it's given a random file name when it's uploaded.
 If you connect the tips of the thumbs, it makes AQ, plus the file name for the image says to a Q at the beginning and ends with AQ.
 QU's plus signs to represent the public masters in a post.
 The House of Saud, the Rothschilds, and Source.
 On November 6, 2017 at 507 and 57 seconds.
 Q posted, nothing is random.
 Everything has meaning. +++.
 Seven minutes later, Trump posted on Twitter and the tweet had +plus at the end, just like the Q post.
 50 minutes later, Trump leads about Saudi Arabia.


X

 The +plus MAU posts represented the House of Saad.
 On November 11, 2017, Q said that one side of the triangle had been removed, referring to Saudi Arabia, and that the other sides are falling.
 In the last few months, the crown prince, the now crown prince, Mohammed bin Solomon, has consolidated power and push out several other leading candidates for the Saudi throne, the 32, and Solomon has made public statements about not only fighting terrorism, but also modernizing Saudi Arabia and tackling corruption.
 And the Trump administration counts him as a valuable ally.
 Remarkable times in Saudi Arabia, the hugely influential Sunil Muslim kingdom.
 There has been an unprecedented anti- corruption purge with sweeping arrests of senior politicians and business leaders and members of the royal family.
 Among those princes, military officers and top officials, that were arrested in last 24 hours, prints, Wali bin Talal.
 He is one of the world's richest man, a major investor in Citibank, Twitter, and the parent company of Fox News, 21st century Fox.


X

 He also somebody who has publicly feuded with President Trump and President Trump is accused. I'm trying to buy U.S. politicians.
 These are incredible types in Saudi Arabia.
 There's never been anything quite like it.
 And in some ways, it's very exciting.
 His supporters are saying, This is the man who's going to lead us to the future, who's setting the stage for a modern economy and modern society, and jobs for all the millions of societies who are pouring out of schools and universities.
 Others, though, especially the older guard, are extremely worried we're particularly pleased to be selling the jewels of Hannah Rothschild.
 He jewels that we're selling, comprise magnificent, pearl and diamonds, tiara, and a bracelet and matching brooch.
 Billionaire George Zoro says handing control of his $25 billion empire to his son, Alex.
 His son, Alex, is 37 years old, and an interview with the Wall Street Journal over the weekend. He said he's more political than his father, and he hinted at significant, significant financial role for the Source organization in next year's U.S. elections.


X

 Aviation call signs are unique identifiers assigned to aircraft, like a nickname, but the call sign doesn't have to be the same for every flight.
 In 2018, there were civil and military aircraft spotted flying with the call sign cube or none.
 The United Parcel Service, the US Army, and the US Air Force.
 There was even a Royal Australian Air Force spotted flying with the call signing on.
 On December 7, 2018, Trump jumped on Air Force One to fly to Kansas.
 When Air Force One was wheels up, the call sign popped up SQ0.
 The fact that there was AQ and the call sign was big, but the question was, what did the 0 mean?
 After the flight, you confirmed that 0 means Q+.
 That means Trump was flying with the call side Q+.
 The reason that's big is because an on-state Trump is the person that hosted on the Intelport SQ+.


X

 Not only does that point a cube, but it points to Trump being Q plus.
 On October 2nd, 2018, Q posted 5347 by itself. On November 6th, 2018, the U.S. Senate election results were 5347.
 Can you call the city votes a month in advance?
 On January 13, 2018, Q posted checkmate, which is a victory in chess.
 In 2024, Trump posted a hashtag by itself.
 In chest the hashtag means checkmate.
 On October 5th, 2018, Q posted the picture will need a signifier and drop the link to an account with the handle, QAnon baby.
 They respect us.
 Let that beautiful baby.
 Look at that beautiful man.
 Wow, what a baby, what a baby.


X

 That is a beautiful baby.
 That's like from an advertisement.
 Look how happy that baby is.
 So beautiful.
 Thank you, darling.
 That's really nice.
 It's a great thing.
 Is that your husband?
 That a great thing, thank you.
 Congratulations, husband.
 Man.
 What a picture.
 But we're gonna have the country all set.
 On July 17th, 2019, Trump's not in the middle of his speech to point out a baby.
 took a picture with his hands and said, what a picture.
 When the camera pulled back, the baby had a big cue on their back.
 This happened on the 17th day of the month.
 He was the 17th letter of the alphabet.
 On October 10th, 2019, Trump posted a video on Twitter.


X

 At the one minute and 342nd mark, Q Baby pops up.
 If you hold one and have the 3 airport, you get 17.
 The GOP hearing on the DOJ's investigation into the Clinton Foundation was set for December 5, 2018.
 Q started dropping D5 in posts like something big was going to happen.
 On November 30, 2018, George Bush Sr. died.
 His funeral date was set for December 5, 2018, and the GOP hearing was canceled.
 On December 3, 2018, you ask what the odds are that the Bush funeral would be on December 5th and pointed us to the empirical rule.
 Thank you, posted, postponed.
 Well played deep state.
 Please allow us to counter.
 Hughes promised to count your headnotes wondering if something was going to happen at a funeral.
 That's when the secret envelopes came into play.


X

 Cameras just happen to be in the perfect position.
 After 1989, President Bush kept, we sat on edge, was right at the house and he myself, that we needed a new world order.
 If the people that rent those agencies and the deputies, they're pledging allusions to the new world order and good governance.
 And then I think you have the Inspector General, do some spotlights to make sure that there is real compliance.
 The burdens of global citizenship continue to bind us together.
 Partnership and cooperation among nations is not a choice.
 It is the only way.
 The one way.
 Things like technological change, uh, things like mass media, uh, things like the market, are all subject to uh, part control.


X

 Since then, we established a liberal order, and now is the time when things are shifting.
 There's gonna be a new world order out there.
 Look, I think that everyone is going to have to take a hard look at where they want to be.
 at this moment in history, as we're looking at efforts across the country to prevent people from being able to exercise their fundamental rights.
 The chair declares the joint session dissolved.
 Where's the concern for the United States enact?
 It's not my concern.
 We have before us the opportunity to forge, for ourselves and for future generations, a new world order.
 When we are successful and we will be.
 We have a real chance at this new world order.


X

 On December 11, 2017, if you post it, follow the wives.
 All the envelopes were delivered to the wives.
 And I'll ask you what was in the envelopes.
 If you answered, our promise to counter.
 In 2020, an unmade AD 5 connection, a declassified memorandum for the director of National Intelligence about the unmasking of General Blit.
 The document state is a 4th admit, 4 equals D, and made equals 5.
 He replied, they thought it meant December 5th.
 On February 22nd, 2018, Q posted, bye, bye, bye.
 If you only posted that one other time in over 4000 posts, when Trump was shot and had Secret Service covering him, not knowing if there were more shooters, he broke protocol to put his head and this up to say, bye, bye, bye.


X

 If he was going to die, he wanted those to be his last words.
 Each of you enters service at a truly exciting time for our country.
 For we are witnessing the great reawakening.
 With this strategy, we are calling for a great reawakening of America.
 Now we are calling for a great reawakening of nations, for the revival of their spirits.
 their pride, their people, and their patriotism.
 On September 19, 2017, Trump called for a great reawakening of patients in his UN speech. On October 6, 2017, Trump said it was a call before the storm, and on October 28, 2017, you dropped the 1st post.
 Here's what this represents.


X

 Well, I don't know where the copy was from. Let's go on.
 We have a world great military people, critical, I'll tell you back.
 I'm not ready to go.
 Thank you all the time.
 What's more of the present?
 You'll find out.
 You guys know what he represents?
 And somebody that's been with me from day one, he's a real general.
 We have the real generals, and we have the fake woke generals, and just so early in Afghanistan, they've all been fired, but this is a real general, Keith. Kellogg, right, Keith?
 And there's a great group.
 It was good to see you, Keith.
 He's been with me from before day one, right?
 He said, That guy should run.
 We gotta get him to run.
 I like those guys that were here before I ran.


X

 But a few of them, General Flynn, along with General Kellogg and some of our other friends, we have so many friends.
 We have over 200 generals and admirals supporting us.
 We had 17 Congressional Medal of Honor Winners endorsement.
 When I 1st came here, I was only in Washington 17 times in my life.
 On December 9th, 2017, at 1034, you posted a quote thanking the military.
 Thank you pointed us to timestamps, and let us know what proof was incoming.
 Three hours later, Trump, we did the exact same thing without the quotation marks.
 Q quoted Trump's Army Navy game fleet 3 hours before he posted it.
 On February 22nd, 2019, Q posted the best is yet to come.
 My fellow Americans for our movement, for our children, and for our beloved country.
 And I say this, despite all that's happened, the best is yet to come.


X

 But we still believe that the best is yet to come.
 On June 14, 2020, Q posted, seeing is bleeding.
 Sometimes you can't tell the public the truth.
 You must show them.
 Only then will people find the will to change.
 It had to be this way.
 This is not another four-year election.
 2020 to 2024 has been called to us.
 Let the deep state seal 2020 and let the people see for themselves.
 In 2022, Trump confirmed it.
 One of the important factors of the force is that we see how bad they've done here.
 So we will be able to do it properly, and it will be much easier.
 Everybody will agree with us, because everybody sees what a man job has been done during this two year period, and it will be a four year period.
 Everybody sees that.


X

 It will be much easier for us to do, what has to be done.
 Those text messages were sent from the wife of Supreme Court Justice Clarence Thomas.
 I looked at past inaugurations as far back as George Bush, not once did the military walk up and stand behind the president.
 The man on the right is a judge advocate general, and the man on the left is military intelligence.
 What Trump says when they're standing behind him is also important.
 Today, ceremony, however, has very special meaning, because today, we are not merely transferring power from one administration to another, or from one party to another.
 But we are transferring power from Washington, DC, and giving it back to you, the people.
 On November 1, 2017, you posted, The only way is the military, once 11, 3 verified.


X

assumed it was an arrested, but they were off.
 11 dot 3 is a section in the VOD, lot of more manual discussing belligerent occupation of a country.
 End of occupation and deration of Geneva Convention obligations.
 The status of belligerent occupation ends when the conditions for its application are no longer met.
 Certain Geneva convention obligations with respect to occupied territory continue for the duration of the occupation after the general close of military operations.
 End of occupation.
 Belligerent occupation ceases when the conditions for its applications are no longer meant, in particular, as discussed below, the status of belligerent occupation ceases when the invader no longer factually governs the occupied territory or when a hostile relationship no longer exists between the states that occupied territory and the occupying power.
 Belligerent occupation ends when the occupying power no longer has effectively placed the occupied territory under its control.


X

 For example, an uprising by the local population may prevent the occupying power from actually enforcing its authority over occupied territory.
 Similarly, the occupying powers expulsion or complete withdrawal from the territory would also suffice because the former occupying power generally would not be able to control sufficiently the occupied territory.
 Rest in peace, Mr. President, J.F.K.
 through your wisdom and strength.
 since your tragic death, Patriots have planned, installed, and by the grace of God, activated the beam of life.
 We will forever remember your sacrifice.
 May you look down from a book and continue to guide us as we ring the veil of freedom and destroy those who wish to sacrifice our children, our way of life, and our world.
 We, the people.
 This has never been attempted before.


X

 use of the general public to capture the propaganda pushed by the control media.
 Analysis indicates that situational awareness of the general public is expanding at a massive pace.
 The tax indicate the loss of generalized information controlled by the mainstream media.
 Military and civilian alliance.
 People should not be afraid of their governments.
 Governments should be free of their people.
 The American public suspension. I'm making warfare scenario.
 This is separate worker.


X

 I could go on and on with cue proofs, but like I said earlier, the truth is learned, and they're told.
 A lot of people are asking now, how was Q foretelling all these events years before they happen?
 I'll answer this question with another question.
 Do you know what the outcome is of a movie if you are directing the movie?
 If you have control of all the information, can you direct?
 Yep.
 That's a hard one to grasp.
 Many anons still struggle with that one.
 Q says over and over, Patriots are in control, but not everything is under control.
 Watch the excerpt from Real Justice with Real AF Patriot, myself and Anne, we know from X to sum it up, into, I'm reading those scriptures and making sure that we understand.
 Um, I got a question for you.
 As far as the queue operation, are you?
 not entirely sure.
 Are you a full control guy?


X

 And if so, what do you consider full control?
 Because some of us have a little bit of a different opinion on it.
 What do you mean, full control?
 As if basically, I mean, not only the Patriots being in full control of the media, which you kind of alluded to earlier with the 17%, but also kind of like everything's already happened.
 All the investigations have already happened, and everything is kind of just being shown to us now in a methodical way.
 Yeah, what do I think about that?
 Yeah.
 Oh that's a good question.
 I want to get to trouble.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 I mean, we're having a dialogue now.
 Look, I'm all on board with the cue drops.
 I'm also, um, fully aware that Dance could be no President Trump and some others when they post stuff and we look at their timestamps, they're continuing to talk to us directly, and they're letting us know what's going on behind the scenes.


X

 And they're doing the best they can.
 If we had full control, then why would President Trump come out and start screaming with cuss words that they don't know what like they're doing?
 Why would all of a sudden this rogue missile go up in the air and all of a sudden you've got this country that wants to go demolish a whole city because of one stroll, one missile going up in the air?
 Who shot that missile?
 Why?
 Where did it come from?
 Who controls that part?
 Was it part of some movie that we're supposed to believe?
 If we're part of a movie, then how come people died in Afghanistan?
 when we were withdrawn from there?
 Folk control, then you're telling me full control means that we allow those people to die.
 Are you following me?
 My method with this?
 So I'm not in on a boat of, it's all scripted out.
 It's just complete movie.
 I think that we could be watching a movie in a sense of, yes, there are controlled parts to throw off the enemy that has still some control of some aspects of what's going on.
 they're getting thrown off to an extent that they have no clue who's wearing a mask and who's not wearing a mask.


X

 We could talk about that for hours.
 We get into Biden.
 that whole system of, okay, there are guys out there saying, hey, um, I forgot his name, but there's a guy that does a great job in saying, look at these military drops showing that President Trump kept the continuity of government, and that Biden was never in charge that President Trump was actually the president behind the scenes.
 I struggle with those.
 It, not like I'm pulling on board and go, that's it. Yep, that it.
 what's going on.
 I'm still on that side of, man, I need to keep researching because I'm not really sure how this thing is playing out.
 I'm going to do the best I can to get information now and not be dogmatic about it, but say, hey, I'm still trying to do my research.
 What I am dogmatic about is if anybody out there who has big followers on social media platforms start saying, well, I don't think I'm gonna vote for Trump anymore.
 Trump made a mistake by picking this person.
 Oh, Trump should have never done that.


X

 warning people like, man, if you're going to start doing that and going against the guy who's running the show here and has their intel guys behind him doing it all, that I struggle with, hey, don't go that far with me because that's where I'm very dogmatic.
 I really believe President Trump was sent by our heavenly father.
 I dont worship the guy, I talk about it all the time, right?
 How many times we said, we don't worship this guy.
 He's human.
 And he'll make mistakes too.
 Moses made mistakes. we don't worship Moses.
 Moses, what do you do?
 got angry and took that stick and hit the rock and he wasn't allowed to go to the prom slam because he had an attitude problem.
 He messed up one time, you know, so so, you know, hopefully that helps answer a little bit.
 We can go deeper than that if you want.
 That's kind of a surface level answer.
 You know, I'm going to interject something here.
 I think that we have control through a certain point.
 I don't think we have full control over everything, you know, there's still road actors out there.
 people are gonna make decisions.


X

 I think that we have control over some of the media.
 And I think that stuff has leaked out.
 It's got to be controlled release, right?
 Because with the 99% of the people in the hospital.
 So a lot of people say that President Trump's assassination temple stage.
 I dont believe that at all whatsoever.
 I think that was got intervened in that because, you know, he has he has chosen to save this nation.
 So I'm kind of with you on that.
 You know, I know some of my feet out there are full control.
 I think it is to a certain point.
 I think that Trump has all the information and he can direct things as he needs to, but having everybody under control.
 I mean, I don't believe that either.
 I think it's a certain game.
 Yeah try to control 5 kids in my house.


X

 Right, exactly.
 I mean, that's my 1st thought.
 Okay, you think the damn control over this entire earth, 9000000000 people, and they can find out every tunnel that every single person's in and every gadget that they have to use against us?
 Oh, no.
 Oh, no. It's like the weather manipulation folks you're talking about
 What about the weather manipulation?
 I mean, if he had a button, he could push for every single person in like on a video game and just go... start shooting them all out.
 Okay, then, yeah, we're talking about full control, but no.
 I mean, like you said, there with the whole thing with the assassination time.
 I watched so many videos of his ear, they turns to the right and boom, you got that scrape that goes right across his ear.
 That's not AI generated.
 number one number two, people were killed there, they died.
 And the other thing is, how come the media went, hush, hush, they showed up all of a sudden, the media showed up one day for his whole speech, that day out of all days, because they were looking forward to what they were told behind the scenes.
 is the day.


X

 And then that happens. And the next thing you know, what do they do?
 They don't want talk about it.
 you know, the proof is coming out, that it wasn't from that one kid.
 There were some things happening behind the scenes on the water tower, and the more we start digging, then people are coming to us saying, hey, do you guys have the information? Because we know we can't trust the mainstream media.
 We just trying to do the best we can together what everybody else is gathering.
 And then we're like, okay, let's piece this together and get it out to the people to say, look, let me show you what's going on.
 Let me show you why this doesn't add up.
 What do you guys think?
 And it gets us to think about these things, man.
 Imagine if we would have had this for 911.
 each other in social media and go, hold on a second.
 because I fell for the whole thing.
 All I had was the media.
 That's all I had.
 And so I believed everything they told me.
 And I was like, all behind school, we're going to go attack them.
 They attacked our country.
 let go.
 know, man, now that I know more and more of the truth, and even President Trump alludes to that, yeah, something strange about that 911 now.


X

 We did get to the bottom that.
 He's really careful about how he talks about it.
 But he knows what's going on.
 He knows what happened.
 Can you just come out and go, guys, when we tell you all the truth, we're gonna lay out today and here's we're gonna spend 10 hours and tell you everything.
 can't do that.
 No, absolutely not.
 Our rumble link is here to our channel.
 But let's get back to the original point to all of this.
 This operation was to wake up the masses to the corruption, so when it comes time, as you are witnessing today, to drain the swamp, the people will be on his side rooting him on.
 This was not possible in 2017.
 Can you see it now? Why it had to be this way?
 Q Post 4951.


X

 This is a brief synopsis of what Q is.
 It's not really a deep dive into all the insane outs of all the queue posts, but I will give you a brief synopsis on how anuns come up with their decodes and who to decode in part two.



TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 so I give it on my best



TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peace



TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 they



TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 It's basically like, they basically waiting for us all to kill each other.
 And now they just got to plan them for themselves.
 which they want, so they can repopulate and create how they want.
 So they all black people, we all kill each other, they win.
 But if you all come together, they not gonna lose.
 They not gonna be fighters, because if we all together, they come.
 Thats like the police come to the block.
 And they have racing niggas.
 We're not even doing no over here.
 They can't just play evidence on you.
 They can't just do that because then that's being fake.
 Because we all got phones.
 what y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok?


TikTok

 That means you privately see how to do that.
 Just to avoid that situation.
 So that means you're being a cricket cop, you're being a cricket government, you're being a cricket president.
 So that means you shouldn't even be that.
 Shouldn't even have that rule.
 'Cause it's not right.
 So therefore, collective, you have changed the word.
 Already, even if you don't know, even if you don't think you have done it, they probably don't want you to think that, 'cause they don't want you to believe that.
 They got a guy cite, you'll manipulate you.
 And that's that right?
 No, because I'm not guys on you.
 I not manipling you.


TikTok

 I'm not taking advantage of you, but you're taking advantage of me.
 And the good people, innocent people.
 I don't got nothing to do with it.
 I got nothing to do with nothing either.
 Which I'll do that.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So how we gonna have love?
 Everybody want love.
 how are we going to have love?
 Is all this fake shit going on?
 It's a bunch of fake love.
 A bunch of opportunists.
 It's none of this shit real.



TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 It's basically like, they basically waiting for us all to kill each other.
 And now they just got to plan them for themselves.
 which they want, so they can repopulate and create how they want.
 So they all black people, we all kill each other, they win.
 But if you all come together, they not gonna lose.
 They not gonna be fighters, because if we all together, they come.
 Thats like the police come to the block.
 And they have racing niggas.
 We're not even doing no over here.
 They can't just play evidence on you.
 They can't just do that because then that's being fake.
 Because we all got phones.
 what y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok?


TikTok

 That means you privately see how to do that.
 Just to avoid that situation.
 So that means you're being a cricket cop, you're being a cricket government, you're being a cricket president.
 So that means you shouldn't even be that.
 Shouldn't even have that rule.
 'Cause it's not right.
 So therefore, collective, you have changed the word.
 Already, even if you don't know, even if you don't think you have done it, they probably don't want you to think that, 'cause they don't want you to believe that.
 They got a guy cite, you'll manipulate you.
 And that's that right?
 No, because I'm not guys on you.
 I not manipling you.


TikTok

 I'm not taking advantage of you, but you're taking advantage of me.
 And the good people, innocent people.
 I don't got nothing to do with it.
 I got nothing to do with nothing either.
 Which I'll do that.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So how we gonna have love?
 Everybody want love.
 how are we going to have love?
 Is all this fake shit going on?
 It's a bunch of fake love.
 A bunch of opportunists.
 It's none of this shit real.
 Only thing that's real is love.
 Only thing that's real is communication.
 But niggas don't want to do that, because y'all got to have y'all too powerful.
 So, Kelly, you won the biggest rock Flemingdom in Miami.


TikTok

 What is next?
 I need more staff, fast.
 QuickBooks workforce integrates hiring, onboarding, and payroll in one tool so you can save time.
 So, I'm sensing some more stuff.
 I'm sold.
 Unbelievable.
 Unbelievable.
 You unbelievable.
 You know how to adapt to the love and the hate.
 Yeah, yeah, you know how to adapt to everything.
 Yeah, you just, so unbelievable, fam.
 How you do it?
 How you doing, fam?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to accept the love, and you know how to accept the hate.


TikTok

 Yeah, yeah, real talk.
 Yeah.
 A lot of people can't do that.
 A lot of people wake up every day, only expecting and wanting the love.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And when they don't get the love that they're expecting and want, they don't know how to act.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's people that don't know how to act when they don't get the love that they expect and the love that they want.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But you, you know how to act.
 Yeah, whether they love you or hate you, you good.


TikTok

 Yeah, you comfortable in your...
 Uh, uh, uh.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 I'mma do me better than you doing, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh.


TikTok

 Uh, uh, uh, uh, I'mma do me better than you do, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm gonna do me better than you do, you by talking about all the things I done went through.
 Like to premeditate the shots like it was on cue.
 I almost died twice staring in the rear view.
 It wasn't that I was nice, but my sayer reached out, came to me in a vision and never glanced down.
 You why not finish at my child?
 It's what he told me, verbatim words are with me and still resonating.
 His works was ahead.


TikTok

 Ain't no debating.
 If that is not a word, then I am choosing man.
 praying the Lord through the night, into the a.m. that aren't words.
 So listen to what I'm saying.
 More of a verse or better yet.
 A proclamation date, 7 o'clock, and I never leave my father waiting.
 So catch my drift when they say, make, make for creation.
 Man will shift and driveway past the patient.
 I could run laps, but I probably shouldn't chase.
 The only plan is the one my God is creating.
 own skin.
 Yeah, yeah, a lot of people not.


TikTok

 Yeah,



TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 It's basically like, they basically waiting for us all to kill each other.
 And now they just got to plan them for themselves.
 which they want, so they can repopulate and create how they want.
 So they all black people, we all kill each other, they win.
 But if you all come together, they not gonna lose.
 They not gonna be fighters, because if we all together, they come.
 Thats like the police come to the block.
 And they have racing niggas.
 We're not even doing no over here.
 They can't just play evidence on you.
 They can't just do that because then that's being fake.
 Because we all got phones.
 what y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok?


TikTok

 That means you privately see how to do that.
 Just to avoid that situation.
 So that means you're being a cricket cop, you're being a cricket government, you're being a cricket president.
 So that means you shouldn't even be that.
 Shouldn't even have that rule.
 'Cause it's not right.
 So therefore, collective, you have changed the word.
 Already, even if you don't know, even if you don't think you have done it, they probably don't want you to think that, 'cause they don't want you to believe that.
 They got a guy cite, you'll manipulate you.
 And that's that right?
 No, because I'm not guys on you.
 I not manipling you.


TikTok

 I'm not taking advantage of you, but you're taking advantage of me.
 And the good people, innocent people.
 I don't got nothing to do with it.
 I got nothing to do with nothing either.
 Which I'll do that.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So how we gonna have love?
 Everybody want love.
 how are we going to have love?
 Is all this fake shit going on?
 It's a bunch of fake love.
 A bunch of opportunists.
 It's none of this shit real.
 Only thing that's real is love.
 Only thing that's real is communication.
 But niggas don't want to do that, because y'all got to have y'all too powerful.
 So, Kelly, you won the biggest rock Flemingdom in Miami.


TikTok

 What is next?
 I need more staff, fast.
 QuickBooks workforce integrates hiring, onboarding, and payroll in one tool so you can save time.
 So, I'm sensing some more stuff.
 I'm sold.
 Unbelievable.
 Unbelievable.
 You unbelievable.
 You know how to adapt to the love and the hate.
 Yeah, yeah, you know how to adapt to everything.
 Yeah, you just, so unbelievable, fam.
 How you do it?
 How you doing, fam?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to accept the love, and you know how to accept the hate.


TikTok

 Yeah, yeah, real talk.
 Yeah.
 A lot of people can't do that.
 A lot of people wake up every day, only expecting and wanting the love.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And when they don't get the love that they're expecting and want, they don't know how to act.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's people that don't know how to act when they don't get the love that they expect and the love that they want.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But you, you know how to act.
 Yeah, whether they love you or hate you, you good.


TikTok

 Yeah, you comfortable in your...
 Uh, uh, uh.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 I'mma do me better than you doing, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh.


TikTok

 Uh, uh, uh, uh, I'mma do me better than you do, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm gonna do me better than you do, you by talking about all the things I done went through.
 Like to premeditate the shots like it was on cue.
 I almost died twice staring in the rear view.
 It wasn't that I was nice, but my sayer reached out, came to me in a vision and never glanced down.
 You why not finish at my child?
 It's what he told me, verbatim words are with me and still resonating.
 His works was ahead.


TikTok

 Ain't no debating.
 If that is not a word, then I am choosing man.
 praying the Lord through the night, into the a.m. that aren't words.
 So listen to what I'm saying.
 More of a verse or better yet.
 A proclamation date, 7 o'clock, and I never leave my father waiting.
 So catch my drift when they say, make, make for creation.
 Man will shift and driveway past the patient.
 I could run laps, but I probably shouldn't chase.
 The only plan is the one my God is creating.
 own skin.
 Yeah, yeah, a lot of people not.


TikTok

 Yeah, a lot of people don't know how to move and maneuver.
And tough situations, or when they are uncomfortable.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to fit right on then.
 Yeah, you know how to get comfortable.
 Yeah, when it's going good or when it's going bad.
 When they showing you love or when they showing you hate.
 And one thing about you, when they showing you hate, you like, so, I don't give a damn.
 Yeah, you don't like me.


TikTok

 You



Today, the first milestone test of Golden Dome for America (GDA) was a full mission success — and I was honored to witness it firsthand.

Cutting edge directed energy was harnessed and the Dynamic Defense Autonomous Defeat (DDAD) system flawlessly and autonomously cued, targeted, and eliminated a multitude of incoming threats. This test was executed on schedule — and dynamically
defeated every threat.

I watched our elite warfighters integrate with next-generation technology to stop incoming drones and cruise missiles dead in their tracks.

Traditional Primes and emerging Primes are competing, collaborating, and winning—delivering on President Trump’s priority.

This historic milestone was only made possible by the One Big Beautiful Bill—giving us the funding to deliver on the ultimate shield to protect America.

President Trump is making President Reagan’s Strategic Defense Initiative (SDI) vision a reality. With Golden Dome, the War Department will defend our homeland more powerfully than ever before. Golden Dome is real, powerful, and on track.
SpaceX has cool star names for stuff.

• Starfall: Will enable access to microgravity environment for scientific research & in-space manufacturing

• Stargaze: Tracks objects in orbit to prevent collisions

• Starshield: Secured satellite network designed specifically for government, military, and intelligence agencies

• Starbase: Official incorporated city and private spaceport located in Boca Chica, Texas

• Starfactory: 1+ million-square-foot advanced manufacturing facility located at Starbase

• Starship: Largest and most powerful rocket ever

• Starlink: Satellite internet constellation
The U.N. wants every nation to build its own AI stack. It is the surest way to stay a generation behind.
By U.S. Under Secretary of State for Economic Affairs Jacob Helberg
These days, few words flatter a government like “digital sovereignty.”  It carries the music of independence, the dignity of self-rule, the promise that a nation holds its own destiny in its hands.  So it is no surprise that the expression has been pressed into the service of a fashionable, fast-spreading policy debate.
Many countries have looked to the United Nations to be the great evangelist of that idea. Through its Global Digital Compact and the funds and machinery that some are trying to assemble around it, the organization presses toward a world in which every country commands what the Secretary-General’s own reports call an “irreducible minimum” of artificial intelligence—its own computers, its own data, its own models, raised at home and owned at home.  A secretariat-proposed multibillion-dollar fund would help pay for the building. And a growing number of governments, persuaded that independence requires duplication, are drafting national AI strategies to match—each resolved to rebuild, inside its own borders, a stack that already exists somewhere else.
It is a seductive vision.  It is also backward and counterproductive.
Silicon Valley leaders have built fortunes on a heresy that traditional industry leaders still resist: that competition for existing products and methods, far from being the engine of prosperity, is more often the graveyard of growth and the path to stagnation.  The company that copies an existing product and follows traditional methods walks into a crowded market and watches its margins bleed toward zero because a hundred rivals are selling the same thing.  The company that builds something genuinely new—something that did not exist the day before—faces no competition at all and keeps the profits to show for it. The second company sees its profits go from zero to one, as it is has created a new market. The first reduces both the profits of the first and its own. Only the innovators create new wealth for societies.
Now apply the heresy to nations.  Picture the conference—there is always a conference—where forty governments rise in turn to pledge a sovereign cloud, a sovereign model, a national champion of their very own.  They will applaud one another’s independence.  Then they will go home and pour billions into companies built to do precisely what thirty-nine others are doing, in markets too small to sustain even one of them, chasing margins that thin asymptotically toward nothing the moment the next champion is announced.  They will have achieved not so-called “digital sovereignty” but a kind of synchronized mediocrity—a planet of subscale clones, each heroically reconstructing last year’s breakthrough while the breakthrough itself moves on without them.
While others rebuild the present, American firms will be inventing the future.  They will not be defending yesterday’s platform; they will be shipping tomorrow’s—the products that do not yet exist, that no committee in Geneva has thought to subsidize, that will define the coming decade before the clones have finished cloning the last one.  And because they will stand alone at the frontier, they will keep what the frontier pays: the fat margins, the soaring valuations, the commanding heights of the global economy.  That is not an accident of American luck.  It is the iron arithmetic of zero to one.
This is the distinction the sovereignty evangelists miss, and it is the whole game.  A nation is not digitally sovereign because it can reproduce yesterday’s breakthroughs—half the world can do that.  It is digitally sovereign because it can contribute to tomorrow’s. Call it innovation sovereignty: the power not to copy what exists, but to create what does not.  The autarkist measures his strength by how much he can wall off and rebuild.  The innovator measures his by how much he can invent that which no one else can.  One ends the decade with a museum.  The other ends it owning the future.
America learned the lesson the easy way.  When the world moved to 5G, the United States had no national champion to build the radios and base stations at the network’s core.  It could have declared a digital sovereignty emergency and burned a fortune standing up a domestic equipment maker from scratch.  It did nothing of the kind. Instead, American companies bought the gear from trusted allies and turned their genius loose on the layer above: the cloud, the software, the artificial intelligence that now runs the world. America did not win the future by manufacturing the antenna.  It won by building everything that travels through it.
This is the logic behind Pax Silica.  We did not build it as a fortress.  We built it as a coalition of capabilities—a way for nations that trust one another to find the best technology wherever it lives among them and to braid those strengths together.  The premise is simple and old: trusted partners trading on their advantages accomplish what no walled-off nation can manage alone. One partner’s compute meets another’s minerals, a third’s talent, a fourth’s capital, and the result is not a sum but a multiplication.
Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella has lately pressed a point the digital sovereignty evangelists would do well to absorb: the prize was never a frontier model but a frontier ecosystem—one built so that value flows outward, to every company and industry and country it touches, instead of pooling in the hands of whoever happens to own the silicon.  The great platforms have always given away more than they kept; they create more wealth above them than they capture within. And what each nation keeps for itself, atop that shared foundation, is the one asset no rival can copy and no committee can subsidize into being: its own learning loop—the accumulated knowledge of its firms and its institutions, compounding with every problem it solves, its human capital and its machine capital gaining on each other turn by turn. A country does not become digitally sovereign by hoarding a model that will be obsolete within the year.  It becomes digitally sovereign by owning the loop that turns its own experience into advantage.  Ecosystems, in the end, do not merely add; they empower the builders—the people who will actually invent what comes next, and who need partners and markets and momentum, not borders drawn around a problem already solved.
The champions of digital sovereignty believe they are arming their nations for the future.  In truth they are marching them, in perfect and well-funded formation, into the past. Digital sovereignty was never a wall, and it was never a copy.  It was always a frontier—and the only nations that will be digitally sovereign in the age of intelligence are the ones bold enough to keep pushing it outward, into the territory no one has built yet.
Mr. Helberg is U.S. Under Secretary of State for Economic Affairs and the architect of the Pax Silica initiative.
"We have dramatically increased investment in scaling directed energy technologies, signaling to our manufacturing partners that the War Department is focused on delivering rapid solutions to the warfighter," Michael said in a statement when reached for comment by Laser Wars. "We are directly tackling manufacturability, reliability and integration - areas that have challenged transition under previous administrations."
TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 It's basically like, they basically waiting for us all to kill each other.
 And now they just got to plan them for themselves.
 which they want, so they can repopulate and create how they want.
 So they all black people, we all kill each other, they win.
 But if you all come together, they not gonna lose.
 They not gonna be fighters, because if we all together, they come.
 Thats like the police come to the block.
 And they have racing niggas.
 We're not even doing no over here.
 They can't just play evidence on you.
 They can't just do that because then that's being fake.
 Because we all got phones.
 what y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok?


TikTok

 That means you privately see how to do that.
 Just to avoid that situation.
 So that means you're being a cricket cop, you're being a cricket government, you're being a cricket president.
 So that means you shouldn't even be that.
 Shouldn't even have that rule.
 'Cause it's not right.
 So therefore, collective, you have changed the word.
 Already, even if you don't know, even if you don't think you have done it, they probably don't want you to think that, 'cause they don't want you to believe that.
 They got a guy cite, you'll manipulate you.
 And that's that right?
 No, because I'm not guys on you.
 I not manipling you.


TikTok

 I'm not taking advantage of you, but you're taking advantage of me.
 And the good people, innocent people.
 I don't got nothing to do with it.
 I got nothing to do with nothing either.
 Which I'll do that.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So how we gonna have love?
 Everybody want love.
 how are we going to have love?
 Is all this fake shit going on?
 It's a bunch of fake love.
 A bunch of opportunists.
 It's none of this shit real.
 Only thing that's real is love.
 Only thing that's real is communication.
 But niggas don't want to do that, because y'all got to have y'all too powerful.
 So, Kelly, you won the biggest rock Flemingdom in Miami.


TikTok

 What is next?
 I need more staff, fast.
 QuickBooks workforce integrates hiring, onboarding, and payroll in one tool so you can save time.
 So, I'm sensing some more stuff.
 I'm sold.
 Unbelievable.
 Unbelievable.
 You unbelievable.
 You know how to adapt to the love and the hate.
 Yeah, yeah, you know how to adapt to everything.
 Yeah, you just, so unbelievable, fam.
 How you do it?
 How you doing, fam?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to accept the love, and you know how to accept the hate.


TikTok

 Yeah, yeah, real talk.
 Yeah.
 A lot of people can't do that.
 A lot of people wake up every day, only expecting and wanting the love.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And when they don't get the love that they're expecting and want, they don't know how to act.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's people that don't know how to act when they don't get the love that they expect and the love that they want.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But you, you know how to act.
 Yeah, whether they love you or hate you, you good.


TikTok

 Yeah, you comfortable in your...
 Uh, uh, uh.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 I'mma do me better than you doing, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh.


TikTok

 Uh, uh, uh, uh, I'mma do me better than you do, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm gonna do me better than you do, you by talking about all the things I done went through.
 Like to premeditate the shots like it was on cue.
 I almost died twice staring in the rear view.
 It wasn't that I was nice, but my sayer reached out, came to me in a vision and never glanced down.
 You why not finish at my child?
 It's what he told me, verbatim words are with me and still resonating.
 His works was ahead.


TikTok

 Ain't no debating.
 If that is not a word, then I am choosing man.
 praying the Lord through the night, into the a.m. that aren't words.
 So listen to what I'm saying.
 More of a verse or better yet.
 A proclamation date, 7 o'clock, and I never leave my father waiting.
 So catch my drift when they say, make, make for creation.
 Man will shift and driveway past the patient.
 I could run laps, but I probably shouldn't chase.
 The only plan is the one my God is creating.
 own skin.
 Yeah, yeah, a lot of people not.


TikTok

 Yeah, a lot of people don't know how to move and maneuver.
And tough situations, or when they are uncomfortable.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to fit right on then.
 Yeah, you know how to get comfortable.
 Yeah, when it's going good or when it's going bad.
 When they showing you love or when they showing you hate.
 And one thing about you, when they showing you hate, you like, so, I don't give a damn.
 Yeah, you don't like me.


TikTok

 You hate me.
 And so what?
 I'm gonna do something that's gonna make you hate me even more.
 Real talk.
 Ooh.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Drop it down in the comment section, family.
 Hate it or love it?
 Yeah, hate it, love it, baby.
 Yeah, hey, I'm good regardless.
 Whether you hate me or you love me, I'm good.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I been working on myself on the inside.
 You know what I'm saying?
 So I'm good, baby.
 Hey, hey, take it or leave it.


TikTok

 That's what we tell people.
 Hey, hey, look here.
 Take it or leave it, fam.
 Here.
 real talk.
 Make sure you like this post and make sure you share it.
 Hey, and enjoy being you.
 Ooh, ooh.
 Man, the collective be cracking me up on here.
 Woo.
 It's definitely a good time for the collective.
 Right now, the collective, even through the hardest times, you guys got spirit.
 to lift others up.


TikTok

 Y'all funny.
 Not like funny, hilarious.
 Y'all be looking at the demon's side-eyed funny.
 That's how you be looking at them all side-eyed.
 Man, it's a good time on here.
 One thing I'm super thankful is you didn't change through all the hard times through all those challenges.
 You kept their composure, even when you felt people were stealing your style or trying to make you feel miserable.


TikTok

 You didn't change.
 You were their inspiration.
 I'm super grateful you ain't changed up and switch it up.
 I appreciate y'all.
 You've chosen for that.
 Yo.
 You got some major plays in the game.
 Feeling real short right now.
 They know you not crazy.
 You know you're not a fucking lunatic.
 They not worried about you, doing some awful real shit.
 They know, I'm not this big browner dude.


TikTok

 That's just gonna be snuffing people and losing.
 They not worried about your crash shop.
 They're not worried about what you got, what kind of resources you could fucking tap into and take advantage of.
 They're not worried about your pockets.
 They don't fit.
 Your income, y'all find that too status, not at all.
 But you still got the feeling shook right now.
 They know you can fucking cook.
 You ain't fucking pretending. When you start cooking, when you start manifesting, that's what the fuck is gonna happen.


TikTok

 They've been watching you long enough to know your cooking skills is fucking 2nd and none.
 They don't worry about nothing else you could fucking do.
 But they know you can fucking cook.
 It's like guy hears you when you fucking speak.
 And it fucking comes to be.
 They getting to realize this is the motherfucking reality that you live in, that they fucking experience that they get the fucking witness.
 How you could fucking cook.


TikTok

 You got the killing shit right now, 'cause they know your cooking skills.
 It's not fucking play with.
 You come from a long bloodline of spiritual warriors and rulers.
 Listen.
 Understand that.
 I'm going to tell you right now.
 You cannot, you will never be defeated.
 You cannot lose.
 You always win.
 You always win.
 You say that and it comes, I always win.


TikTok

 This is already ordained in your bloodline.
 This is a divine inheritance executed by the Lord, our God.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 Let me tell you something right now.
 There is something that you guys did.
 Some of you guys have made many homemade, which is a world that's upset with you.
 Not to mention, you guys departed from a witch or warlock.
 Just like when I say the product, separated ways.
 Some of you guys are in relationships with someone's real life right now, y'all.


TikTok

 And y'all know it.
 A lot of you guys are on assignment.
 Wake up to ones who don't know and you are making decis



🚨🚨Did the Department of War CTO just answer a question we've all been wondering, who or what has been talking to us through the Q posts?🤔

Read this Decode and you decide....😉 

The Department of War CTO's post "Where We Go One, We Go Quantum 🇺🇸" is a meme of a soldier labeled "QUANTUM DOMINANCE" and has a timestamp of 9:18 AM EST

Q 918
An Anon is comment's on a tweet from President Trump about North Korea saying "I swear Trump is killing me here. HAHA He keeps putting out clues he has already talked to Kim"

Q replies with:
You are learning.👈 
How many coincidences before it becomes mathematically impossible?👈
Wait until you learn who has been talking to you here.👈👀
Q

THE COMM: The Q team is letting us know now is the time to learn who we have been talking to here through the Q posts... 
You have been talking with a Quantum Computer using the QUANTUM DOMINANCE to run the Greatest Military Operation in our history...
And that's why these coincidences are mathematically impossible, because it's all being done through "QUANTUM DOMINANCE"🖥️💪🇺🇸

"Where We Go One, We Go Quantum 🇺🇸" 🫡🐸🔥
TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 It's basically like, they basically waiting for us all to kill each other.
 And now they just got to plan them for themselves.
 which they want, so they can repopulate and create how they want.
 So they all black people, we all kill each other, they win.
 But if you all come together, they not gonna lose.
 They not gonna be fighters, because if we all together, they come.
 Thats like the police come to the block.
 And they have racing niggas.
 We're not even doing no over here.
 They can't just play evidence on you.
 They can't just do that because then that's being fake.
 Because we all got phones.
 what y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok?


TikTok

 That means you privately see how to do that.
 Just to avoid that situation.
 So that means you're being a cricket cop, you're being a cricket government, you're being a cricket president.
 So that means you shouldn't even be that.
 Shouldn't even have that rule.
 'Cause it's not right.
 So therefore, collective, you have changed the word.
 Already, even if you don't know, even if you don't think you have done it, they probably don't want you to think that, 'cause they don't want you to believe that.
 They got a guy cite, you'll manipulate you.
 And that's that right?
 No, because I'm not guys on you.
 I not manipling you.


TikTok

 I'm not taking advantage of you, but you're taking advantage of me.
 And the good people, innocent people.
 I don't got nothing to do with it.
 I got nothing to do with nothing either.
 Which I'll do that.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So how we gonna have love?
 Everybody want love.
 how are we going to have love?
 Is all this fake shit going on?
 It's a bunch of fake love.
 A bunch of opportunists.
 It's none of this shit real.
 Only thing that's real is love.
 Only thing that's real is communication.
 But niggas don't want to do that, because y'all got to have y'all too powerful.
 So, Kelly, you won the biggest rock Flemingdom in Miami.


TikTok

 What is next?
 I need more staff, fast.
 QuickBooks workforce integrates hiring, onboarding, and payroll in one tool so you can save time.
 So, I'm sensing some more stuff.
 I'm sold.
 Unbelievable.
 Unbelievable.
 You unbelievable.
 You know how to adapt to the love and the hate.
 Yeah, yeah, you know how to adapt to everything.
 Yeah, you just, so unbelievable, fam.
 How you do it?
 How you doing, fam?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to accept the love, and you know how to accept the hate.


TikTok

 Yeah, yeah, real talk.
 Yeah.
 A lot of people can't do that.
 A lot of people wake up every day, only expecting and wanting the love.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And when they don't get the love that they're expecting and want, they don't know how to act.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's people that don't know how to act when they don't get the love that they expect and the love that they want.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But you, you know how to act.
 Yeah, whether they love you or hate you, you good.


TikTok

 Yeah, you comfortable in your...
 Uh, uh, uh.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 I'mma do me better than you doing, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh.


TikTok

 Uh, uh, uh, uh, I'mma do me better than you do, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm gonna do me better than you do, you by talking about all the things I done went through.
 Like to premeditate the shots like it was on cue.
 I almost died twice staring in the rear view.
 It wasn't that I was nice, but my sayer reached out, came to me in a vision and never glanced down.
 You why not finish at my child?
 It's what he told me, verbatim words are with me and still resonating.
 His works was ahead.


TikTok

 Ain't no debating.
 If that is not a word, then I am choosing man.
 praying the Lord through the night, into the a.m. that aren't words.
 So listen to what I'm saying.
 More of a verse or better yet.
 A proclamation date, 7 o'clock, and I never leave my father waiting.
 So catch my drift when they say, make, make for creation.
 Man will shift and driveway past the patient.
 I could run laps, but I probably shouldn't chase.
 The only plan is the one my God is creating.
 own skin.
 Yeah, yeah, a lot of people not.


TikTok

 Yeah, a lot of people don't know how to move and maneuver.
And tough situations, or when they are uncomfortable.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to fit right on then.
 Yeah, you know how to get comfortable.
 Yeah, when it's going good or when it's going bad.
 When they showing you love or when they showing you hate.
 And one thing about you, when they showing you hate, you like, so, I don't give a damn.
 Yeah, you don't like me.


TikTok

 You hate me.
 And so what?
 I'm gonna do something that's gonna make you hate me even more.
 Real talk.
 Ooh.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Drop it down in the comment section, family.
 Hate it or love it?
 Yeah, hate it, love it, baby.
 Yeah, hey, I'm good regardless.
 Whether you hate me or you love me, I'm good.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I been working on myself on the inside.
 You know what I'm saying?
 So I'm good, baby.
 Hey, hey, take it or leave it.


TikTok

 That's what we tell people.
 Hey, hey, look here.
 Take it or leave it, fam.
 Here.
 real talk.
 Make sure you like this post and make sure you share it.
 Hey, and enjoy being you.
 Ooh, ooh.
 Man, the collective be cracking me up on here.
 Woo.
 It's definitely a good time for the collective.
 Right now, the collective, even through the hardest times, you guys got spirit.
 to lift others up.


TikTok

 Y'all funny.
 Not like funny, hilarious.
 Y'all be looking at the demon's side-eyed funny.
 That's how you be looking at them all side-eyed.
 Man, it's a good time on here.
 One thing I'm super thankful is you didn't change through all the hard times through all those challenges.
 You kept their composure, even when you felt people were stealing your style or trying to make you feel miserable.


TikTok

 You didn't change.
 You were their inspiration.
 I'm super grateful you ain't changed up and switch it up.
 I appreciate y'all.
 You've chosen for that.
 Yo.
 You got some major plays in the game.
 Feeling real short right now.
 They know you not crazy.
 You know you're not a fucking lunatic.
 They not worried about you, doing some awful real shit.
 They know, I'm not this big browner dude.


TikTok

 That's just gonna be snuffing people and losing.
 They not worried about your crash shop.
 They're not worried about what you got, what kind of resources you could fucking tap into and take advantage of.
 They're not worried about your pockets.
 They don't fit.
 Your income, y'all find that too status, not at all.
 But you still got the feeling shook right now.
 They know you can fucking cook.
 You ain't fucking pretending. When you start cooking, when you start manifesting, that's what the fuck is gonna happen.


TikTok

 They've been watching you long enough to know your cooking skills is fucking 2nd and none.
 They don't worry about nothing else you could fucking do.
 But they know you can fucking cook.
 It's like guy hears you when you fucking speak.
 And it fucking comes to be.
 They getting to realize this is the motherfucking reality that you live in, that they fucking experience that they get the fucking witness.
 How you could fucking cook.


TikTok

 You got the killing shit right now, 'cause they know your cooking skills.
 It's not fucking play with.
 You come from a long bloodline of spiritual warriors and rulers.
 Listen.
 Understand that.
 I'm going to tell you right now.
 You cannot, you will never be defeated.
 You cannot lose.
 You always win.
 You always win.
 You say that and it comes, I always win.


TikTok

 This is already ordained in your bloodline.
 This is a divine inheritance executed by the Lord, our God.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 Let me tell you something right now.
 There is something that you guys did.
 Some of you guys have made many homemade, which is a world that's upset with you.
 Not to mention, you guys departed from a witch or warlock.
 Just like when I say the product, separated ways.
 Some of you guys are in relationships with someone's real life right now, y'all.


TikTok

 And y'all know it.
 A lot of you guys are on assignment.
 Wake up to ones who don't know and you are making decisions.
 Understand this.
 You see it, Dolores has stopped ignoring it.
 Some y'all are, I'm saying entwined, entwined with it.
 And the Lord is showing you everything through visions, dreams.
 Some of you guys are, don't be afraid of your dreams.
 The Lord said the only way you can get in contact with your dreams through you through drinks, through illumination, through your visions.


TikTok

 And some of them, it freaked some of y'all out.
 Some of y'all, woke up thinking it's some type of demonic attack.
 Do you understand that right now?
 This person with somebody, not all y'all.
 You had a permanent spirit or spiritual, listen, a permanent, Blanket, a permanent shield, a protection around you.
 Because of what's about to happen.
 Right now, from now, I've seen this message, but what's what happened to you leave this planet?
 Because of what you are about to do, for what God has prepared you to do, for the training and everything you went through.


TikTok

 Your discernment, your tuition, your visions, your sight, things you can do, your spiritual abilities, your spiritual gifts, has truly pissed these covens off.
 Truly pissed and people that's not part of them.
 It's someone you're injured right now
 that super jealous of you that you're not speaking to.
 They have tried everything.
 They don't like, what you are becoming.
 They don't like what you're doing.
 They don't like how things keep happening.
 They don't like that you're planning to do something.
 You're planning whatever it is, this part from, whatever you're planning or trying to build or, uh, uh, uh, some of you guys can be going through either starting something or retiring from something, but whatever it is, the Lord is blessing it tenfold, thousandfold, multiplying it.


TikTok

 You're walking in the power of God force energy.
 Listen,
 This jealousy comes from, it's deep rooted because they did everything to stop you financially.
 They don't want you being able to take care of yourself, let alone your children if you have them, let alone being able to provide for yourself.
 If you've been going through anything significantly financially, It's not because of black.
 Because you lack nothing.


TikTok

 Understand the Lord has put you in such a place.
 For no one won't be able to, they won't even be able to say that the hand of God is not in your life.
 What's about to happen?
 And what's happening currently happening?
 Let me say, because let me see, because remember, we don't rest with flesh and blood.
 This is happening for



H3X
H3X Technologies @h3x_tech
X.com
TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 It's basically like, they basically waiting for us all to kill each other.
 And now they just got to plan them for themselves.
 which they want, so they can repopulate and create how they want.
 So they all black people, we all kill each other, they win.
 But if you all come together, they not gonna lose.
 They not gonna be fighters, because if we all together, they come.
 Thats like the police come to the block.
 And they have racing niggas.
 We're not even doing no over here.
 They can't just play evidence on you.
 They can't just do that because then that's being fake.
 Because we all got phones.
 what y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok?


TikTok

 That means you privately see how to do that.
 Just to avoid that situation.
 So that means you're being a cricket cop, you're being a cricket government, you're being a cricket president.
 So that means you shouldn't even be that.
 Shouldn't even have that rule.
 'Cause it's not right.
 So therefore, collective, you have changed the word.
 Already, even if you don't know, even if you don't think you have done it, they probably don't want you to think that, 'cause they don't want you to believe that.
 They got a guy cite, you'll manipulate you.
 And that's that right?
 No, because I'm not guys on you.
 I not manipling you.


TikTok

 I'm not taking advantage of you, but you're taking advantage of me.
 And the good people, innocent people.
 I don't got nothing to do with it.
 I got nothing to do with nothing either.
 Which I'll do that.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So how we gonna have love?
 Everybody want love.
 how are we going to have love?
 Is all this fake shit going on?
 It's a bunch of fake love.
 A bunch of opportunists.
 It's none of this shit real.
 Only thing that's real is love.
 Only thing that's real is communication.
 But niggas don't want to do that, because y'all got to have y'all too powerful.
 So, Kelly, you won the biggest rock Flemingdom in Miami.


TikTok

 What is next?
 I need more staff, fast.
 QuickBooks workforce integrates hiring, onboarding, and payroll in one tool so you can save time.
 So, I'm sensing some more stuff.
 I'm sold.
 Unbelievable.
 Unbelievable.
 You unbelievable.
 You know how to adapt to the love and the hate.
 Yeah, yeah, you know how to adapt to everything.
 Yeah, you just, so unbelievable, fam.
 How you do it?
 How you doing, fam?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to accept the love, and you know how to accept the hate.


TikTok

 Yeah, yeah, real talk.
 Yeah.
 A lot of people can't do that.
 A lot of people wake up every day, only expecting and wanting the love.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And when they don't get the love that they're expecting and want, they don't know how to act.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's people that don't know how to act when they don't get the love that they expect and the love that they want.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But you, you know how to act.
 Yeah, whether they love you or hate you, you good.


TikTok

 Yeah, you comfortable in your...
 Uh, uh, uh.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 I'mma do me better than you doing, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh.


TikTok

 Uh, uh, uh, uh, I'mma do me better than you do, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm gonna do me better than you do, you by talking about all the things I done went through.
 Like to premeditate the shots like it was on cue.
 I almost died twice staring in the rear view.
 It wasn't that I was nice, but my sayer reached out, came to me in a vision and never glanced down.
 You why not finish at my child?
 It's what he told me, verbatim words are with me and still resonating.
 His works was ahead.


TikTok

 Ain't no debating.
 If that is not a word, then I am choosing man.
 praying the Lord through the night, into the a.m. that aren't words.
 So listen to what I'm saying.
 More of a verse or better yet.
 A proclamation date, 7 o'clock, and I never leave my father waiting.
 So catch my drift when they say, make, make for creation.
 Man will shift and driveway past the patient.
 I could run laps, but I probably shouldn't chase.
 The only plan is the one my God is creating.
 own skin.
 Yeah, yeah, a lot of people not.


TikTok

 Yeah, a lot of people don't know how to move and maneuver.
And tough situations, or when they are uncomfortable.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to fit right on then.
 Yeah, you know how to get comfortable.
 Yeah, when it's going good or when it's going bad.
 When they showing you love or when they showing you hate.
 And one thing about you, when they showing you hate, you like, so, I don't give a damn.
 Yeah, you don't like me.


TikTok

 You hate me.
 And so what?
 I'm gonna do something that's gonna make you hate me even more.
 Real talk.
 Ooh.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Drop it down in the comment section, family.
 Hate it or love it?
 Yeah, hate it, love it, baby.
 Yeah, hey, I'm good regardless.
 Whether you hate me or you love me, I'm good.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I been working on myself on the inside.
 You know what I'm saying?
 So I'm good, baby.
 Hey, hey, take it or leave it.


TikTok

 That's what we tell people.
 Hey, hey, look here.
 Take it or leave it, fam.
 Here.
 real talk.
 Make sure you like this post and make sure you share it.
 Hey, and enjoy being you.
 Ooh, ooh.
 Man, the collective be cracking me up on here.
 Woo.
 It's definitely a good time for the collective.
 Right now, the collective, even through the hardest times, you guys got spirit.
 to lift others up.


TikTok

 Y'all funny.
 Not like funny, hilarious.
 Y'all be looking at the demon's side-eyed funny.
 That's how you be looking at them all side-eyed.
 Man, it's a good time on here.
 One thing I'm super thankful is you didn't change through all the hard times through all those challenges.
 You kept their composure, even when you felt people were stealing your style or trying to make you feel miserable.


TikTok

 You didn't change.
 You were their inspiration.
 I'm super grateful you ain't changed up and switch it up.
 I appreciate y'all.
 You've chosen for that.
 Yo.
 You got some major plays in the game.
 Feeling real short right now.
 They know you not crazy.
 You know you're not a fucking lunatic.
 They not worried about you, doing some awful real shit.
 They know, I'm not this big browner dude.


TikTok

 That's just gonna be snuffing people and losing.
 They not worried about your crash shop.
 They're not worried about what you got, what kind of resources you could fucking tap into and take advantage of.
 They're not worried about your pockets.
 They don't fit.
 Your income, y'all find that too status, not at all.
 But you still got the feeling shook right now.
 They know you can fucking cook.
 You ain't fucking pretending. When you start cooking, when you start manifesting, that's what the fuck is gonna happen.


TikTok

 They've been watching you long enough to know your cooking skills is fucking 2nd and none.
 They don't worry about nothing else you could fucking do.
 But they know you can fucking cook.
 It's like guy hears you when you fucking speak.
 And it fucking comes to be.
 They getting to realize this is the motherfucking reality that you live in, that they fucking experience that they get the fucking witness.
 How you could fucking cook.


TikTok

 You got the killing shit right now, 'cause they know your cooking skills.
 It's not fucking play with.
 You come from a long bloodline of spiritual warriors and rulers.
 Listen.
 Understand that.
 I'm going to tell you right now.
 You cannot, you will never be defeated.
 You cannot lose.
 You always win.
 You always win.
 You say that and it comes, I always win.


TikTok

 This is already ordained in your bloodline.
 This is a divine inheritance executed by the Lord, our God.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 Let me tell you something right now.
 There is something that you guys did.
 Some of you guys have made many homemade, which is a world that's upset with you.
 Not to mention, you guys departed from a witch or warlock.
 Just like when I say the product, separated ways.
 Some of you guys are in relationships with someone's real life right now, y'all.


TikTok

 And y'all know it.
 A lot of you guys are on assignment.
 Wake up to ones who don't know and you are making decisions.
 Understand this.
 You see it, Dolores has stopped ignoring it.
 Some y'all are, I'm saying entwined, entwined with it.
 And the Lord is showing you everything through visions, dreams.
 Some of you guys are, don't be afraid of your dreams.
 The Lord said the only way you can get in contact with your dreams through you through drinks, through illumination, through your visions.


TikTok

 And some of them, it freaked some of y'all out.
 Some of y'all, woke up thinking it's some type of demonic attack.
 Do you understand that right now?
 This person with somebody, not all y'all.
 You had a permanent spirit or spiritual, listen, a permanent, Blanket, a permanent shield, a protection around you.
 Because of what's about to happen.
 Right now, from now, I've seen this message, but what's what happened to you leave this planet?
 Because of what you are about to do, for what God has prepared you to do, for the training and everything you went through.


TikTok

 Your discernment, your tuition, your visions, your sight, things you can do, your spiritual abilities, your spiritual gifts, has truly pissed these covens off.
 Truly pissed and people that's not part of them.
 It's someone you're injured right now
 that super jealous of you that you're not speaking to.
 They have tried everything.
 They don't like, what you are becoming.
 They don't like what you're doing.
 They don't like how things keep happening.
 They don't like that you're planning to do something.
 You're planning whatever it is, this part from, whatever you're planning or trying to build or, uh, uh, uh, some of you guys can be going through either starting something or retiring from something, but whatever it is, the Lord is blessing it tenfold, thousandfold, multiplying it.


TikTok

 You're walking in the power of God force energy.
 Listen,
 This jealousy comes from, it's deep rooted because they did everything to stop you financially.
 They don't want you being able to take care of yourself, let alone your children if you have them, let alone being able to provide for yourself.
 If you've been going through anything significantly financially, It's not because of black.
 Because you lack nothing.


TikTok

 Understand the Lord has put you in such a place.
 For no one won't be able to, they won't even be able to say that the hand of God is not in your life.
 What's about to happen?
 And what's happening currently happening?
 Let me say, because let me see, because remember, we don't rest with flesh and blood.
 This is happening for you.
 In unseen rims right now.
 See, when I say you come from a bloodline of spiritual warriors and rulers, yes.
 See, some of y'all carry a code, a sacred energy inside of you that you don't even, some of y'all don't know how much divine power you have for the most high God.


TikTok

 When I say divine, yes.
 When I say celestial, yes.
 Was that again?
 This message is not for everybody.
 That why the ones who click on this reason.
 Why you clicked on this message?
 See, You've done something.
 Some of y'all, listen, I gotta tell y'all, some of y'all right now who may have took those matches, stop eating everybody's food.
 You meet somebody the 1st time they come to your life and you take and they bring food and stuff, but they don't never cook.


TikTok

 Afterwards, you're eating it.
 Some of y'all knew because y'all and Simon, you know, you know what you bear.
 You know what you can do.
 Some y'all have eaten food that you knew was meant to do love spells on you, so you can look at them and let them know that they are powerless.
 Against what is within you.
 You and your father are in the kingdom of heaven, society, everything you touch, blossoms.
 Everything you trust manifests, everything that you do, miracles, abundance, emotion, healing, energy, your rapper.
 The Lord Israel healer, you walk in this power.


TikTok

 You speak, it becomes, you walk in it and it is done.
 It's crazy.
 You the most powerful motherfucker around here, but yet you be just put up chilling.
 You feel me?
 You got all the gifts and all that, nigga.
 You could have crowds of people around you, but you a popular fucking loner, family.
 That's how you know you really that.
 Remember how they say the most powerful warriors?
 They seek peace.
 They don't really want a war.
 See, you don't really be wanting to do this shit, but nigga, the most high cause, and you're gonna do it every time because you obedient like that.
 You righteous like that.
 You feel me?
 The whole time you don't be wanting to do none of this shit.


TikTok

 This message is for you.
 You didn't just survive.
 You turned the whole setup into a hood-made miracle.
 You're not just walking in favor, you're strutting with the lymph that screams.
 I've been through hell and I turn it into a playground.
 Well, they laughed at your pain.
 You were building.
 When they tried to bury you, you grew roots so deep that the devil got tired of digging.
 Every fake smile.
 Is paying interest on the debt of underestimating you.


TikTok

 Look at them now.
 They can't stand you.
 But they cannot stop watching.
 Can't respect you, but can't stop copying.
 They swallow your page like addicts.
 Swallowing sermons, they'll never admit fedom.
 They say you're too raw.
 Too much, but it's funny how too much looks like prophecy.
 Funny how 2 hood looks like holy.
 You didn't bow.
 You didn't sell out.


TikTok

 You didn't kiss no rain.
 You walk through the fire, and a gangster wife.
 The same crowd, this war, you never make it.
 It stuck front row.
 They tried to clown you.
 But the other clowns in your circuit.
 You're the sermon, the punchline, the prophecy.
 So let them whisper.
 Let them plot.
 Let them chat your name.


TikTok

 They're not your opposition.
 They're your unpaid hype man.



TikTok

What life got me saying was that it turns on a dime.
 So I give it all my best try?
 and vice versa.
 I'm the most problem you ever told her.
 But the difference is so microscopic.
 It was never rolled up, so now I call it out on everybody, body so tough.
 Mind of a matter.
 I'm moder in a cup.


Spotify

Yeah, that's what y'all want, boy.


TikTok

 I wanna fight.
 that's the only way you can win.
 That's the only thing you know how to do.
 Because you can't do nothing else but do that.
 Because y'all don't think, the good people is the thinkers.
 Because if it wasn't for no good people, y'all wouldn't have no ideas.
 How many ideas have I said, but the next nigga said it and get credit for it, and they go viral.
 But I just had the same exact thing.
 This is like a cool, we all know a famous court.
 Why the fuck we don't know who, who, who said the court, but we all say this shit.
 We all repeat it, but we don't know who the fuck came up with the quote.
 Why is that?
 That's wrong.
 That person should get credit.


TikTok

 That person should get rewarded.
 No, but y'all reward good people, bad people.
 Y'all woke good people.
 bad people, but good people got to pay more.
 Good people got to sacrifice their whole life.
 Are you even, niggas, stay on top?
 That's not right.
 Because I know a lot of people pose the question, and God is all knowing, all seeing, why hasn't he stopped anything?
 Because he can't just force anybody to stop.
 He can't just lock you up because that's the government.
 What the government do that?
 You can't quarantine you because that's basically locked up.


TikTok

 That's not that's not allowing you to express your free will and express your creativity.
 Because now that's controlling you.
 Although you can only come out at this time, you have a cruise tube.
 You can only come out, this dime.
 Is that right?
 No.
 It's not right.
 But y'all probably won't want me being leady.
 Y'all probably won't have want me having no type of say so.
 So who the fuck gonna say something?
 Fuck gonna stand.
 Don't they?
 I don't see any niggas marching.
 We should have even be marching because they're going to prepare for that.
 what they want.
 They not, they not, they don't, they don't want peace.


TikTok

 Because fighting is in peace.
 Warren is in peace.
 Arguing isn't peace.
 Communication, that has peace.
 Intimacy, now that has peace.
 Laughing, having fun.
 Now that's peaceful.
 Spreading information, spreading love now.
 Now that's peaceful.
 But fighting, not peaceful.
 Arguing, not peaceful.
 But, you know, a debate, the argument, not peaceful, because if 2 niggas yelling, who the fuck wasn't it?
 I'll get to say something.
 You hear me out?
 You need to say something?
 I hear you out, but we're not about to fight.
 We're not about to war.
 We not about to kill each other. because that's what the fuck they want because we all keep killing each other.


TikTok

 It's basically like, they basically waiting for us all to kill each other.
 And now they just got to plan them for themselves.
 which they want, so they can repopulate and create how they want.
 So they all black people, we all kill each other, they win.
 But if you all come together, they not gonna lose.
 They not gonna be fighters, because if we all together, they come.
 Thats like the police come to the block.
 And they have racing niggas.
 We're not even doing no over here.
 They can't just play evidence on you.
 They can't just do that because then that's being fake.
 Because we all got phones.
 what y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok?


TikTok

 That means you privately see how to do that.
 Just to avoid that situation.
 So that means you're being a cricket cop, you're being a cricket government, you're being a cricket president.
 So that means you shouldn't even be that.
 Shouldn't even have that rule.
 'Cause it's not right.
 So therefore, collective, you have changed the word.
 Already, even if you don't know, even if you don't think you have done it, they probably don't want you to think that, 'cause they don't want you to believe that.
 They got a guy cite, you'll manipulate you.
 And that's that right?
 No, because I'm not guys on you.
 I not manipling you.


TikTok

 I'm not taking advantage of you, but you're taking advantage of me.
 And the good people, innocent people.
 I don't got nothing to do with it.
 I got nothing to do with nothing either.
 Which I'll do that.
 Is that right?
 No.
 So how we gonna have love?
 Everybody want love.
 how are we going to have love?
 Is all this fake shit going on?
 It's a bunch of fake love.
 A bunch of opportunists.
 It's none of this shit real.
 Only thing that's real is love.
 Only thing that's real is communication.
 But niggas don't want to do that, because y'all got to have y'all too powerful.
 So, Kelly, you won the biggest rock Flemingdom in Miami.


TikTok

 What is next?
 I need more staff, fast.
 QuickBooks workforce integrates hiring, onboarding, and payroll in one tool so you can save time.
 So, I'm sensing some more stuff.
 I'm sold.
 Unbelievable.
 Unbelievable.
 You unbelievable.
 You know how to adapt to the love and the hate.
 Yeah, yeah, you know how to adapt to everything.
 Yeah, you just, so unbelievable, fam.
 How you do it?
 How you doing, fam?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to accept the love, and you know how to accept the hate.


TikTok

 Yeah, yeah, real talk.
 Yeah.
 A lot of people can't do that.
 A lot of people wake up every day, only expecting and wanting the love.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And when they don't get the love that they're expecting and want, they don't know how to act.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's people that don't know how to act when they don't get the love that they expect and the love that they want.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But you, you know how to act.
 Yeah, whether they love you or hate you, you good.


TikTok

 Yeah, you comfortable in your...
 Uh, uh, uh.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 I'mma do me better than you doing, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh.


TikTok

 Uh, uh, uh, uh, I'mma do me better than you do, yo.
 Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, I'm gonna do me better than you do, you by talking about all the things I done went through.
 Like to premeditate the shots like it was on cue.
 I almost died twice staring in the rear view.
 It wasn't that I was nice, but my sayer reached out, came to me in a vision and never glanced down.
 You why not finish at my child?
 It's what he told me, verbatim words are with me and still resonating.
 His works was ahead.


TikTok

 Ain't no debating.
 If that is not a word, then I am choosing man.
 praying the Lord through the night, into the a.m. that aren't words.
 So listen to what I'm saying.
 More of a verse or better yet.
 A proclamation date, 7 o'clock, and I never leave my father waiting.
 So catch my drift when they say, make, make for creation.
 Man will shift and driveway past the patient.
 I could run laps, but I probably shouldn't chase.
 The only plan is the one my God is creating.
 own skin.
 Yeah, yeah, a lot of people not.


TikTok

 Yeah, a lot of people don't know how to move and maneuver.
And tough situations, or when they are uncomfortable.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know how to fit right on then.
 Yeah, you know how to get comfortable.
 Yeah, when it's going good or when it's going bad.
 When they showing you love or when they showing you hate.
 And one thing about you, when they showing you hate, you like, so, I don't give a damn.
 Yeah, you don't like me.


TikTok

 You hate me.
 And so what?
 I'm gonna do something that's gonna make you hate me even more.
 Real talk.
 Ooh.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Drop it down in the comment section, family.
 Hate it or love it?
 Yeah, hate it, love it, baby.
 Yeah, hey, I'm good regardless.
 Whether you hate me or you love me, I'm good.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I been working on myself on the inside.
 You know what I'm saying?
 So I'm good, baby.
 Hey, hey, take it or leave it.


TikTok

 That's what we tell people.
 Hey, hey, look here.
 Take it or leave it, fam.
 Here.
 real talk.
 Make sure you like this post and make sure you share it.
 Hey, and enjoy being you.
 Ooh, ooh.
 Man, the collective be cracking me up on here.
 Woo.
 It's definitely a good time for the collective.
 Right now, the collective, even through the hardest times, you guys got spirit.
 to lift others up.


TikTok

 Y'all funny.
 Not like funny, hilarious.
 Y'all be looking at the demon's side-eyed funny.
 That's how you be looking at them all side-eyed.
 Man, it's a good time on here.
 One thing I'm super thankful is you didn't change through all the hard times through all those challenges.
 You kept their composure, even when you felt people were stealing your style or trying to make you feel miserable.


TikTok

 You didn't change.
 You were their inspiration.
 I'm super grateful you ain't changed up and switch it up.
 I appreciate y'all.
 You've chosen for that.
 Yo.
 You got some major plays in the game.
 Feeling real short right now.
 They know you not crazy.
 You know you're not a fucking lunatic.
 They not worried about you, doing some awful real shit.
 They know, I'm not this big browner dude.


TikTok

 That's just gonna be snuffing people and losing.
 They not worried about your crash shop.
 They're not worried about what you got, what kind of resources you could fucking tap into and take advantage of.
 They're not worried about your pockets.
 They don't fit.
 Your income, y'all find that too status, not at all.
 But you still got the feeling shook right now.
 They know you can fucking cook.
 You ain't fucking pretending. When you start cooking, when you start manifesting, that's what the fuck is gonna happen.


TikTok

 They've been watching you long enough to know your cooking skills is fucking 2nd and none.
 They don't worry about nothing else you could fucking do.
 But they know you can fucking cook.
 It's like guy hears you when you fucking speak.
 And it fucking comes to be.
 They getting to realize this is the motherfucking reality that you live in, that they fucking experience that they get the fucking witness.
 How you could fucking cook.


TikTok

 You got the killing shit right now, 'cause they know your cooking skills.
 It's not fucking play with.
 You come from a long bloodline of spiritual warriors and rulers.
 Listen.
 Understand that.
 I'm going to tell you right now.
 You cannot, you will never be defeated.
 You cannot lose.
 You always win.
 You always win.
 You say that and it comes, I always win.


TikTok

 This is already ordained in your bloodline.
 This is a divine inheritance executed by the Lord, our God.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 Let me tell you something right now.
 There is something that you guys did.
 Some of you guys have made many homemade, which is a world that's upset with you.
 Not to mention, you guys departed from a witch or warlock.
 Just like when I say the product, separated ways.
 Some of you guys are in relationships with someone's real life right now, y'all.


TikTok

 And y'all know it.
 A lot of you guys are on assignment.
 Wake up to ones who don't know and you are making decisions.
 Understand this.
 You see it, Dolores has stopped ignoring it.
 Some y'all are, I'm saying entwined, entwined with it.
 And the Lord is showing you everything through visions, dreams.
 Some of you guys are, don't be afraid of your dreams.
 The Lord said the only way you can get in contact with your dreams through you through drinks, through illumination, through your visions.


TikTok

 And some of them, it freaked some of y'all out.
 Some of y'all, woke up thinking it's some type of demonic attack.
 Do you understand that right now?
 This person with somebody, not all y'all.
 You had a permanent spirit or spiritual, listen, a permanent, Blanket, a permanent shield, a protection around you.
 Because of what's about to happen.
 Right now, from now, I've seen this message, but what's what happened to you leave this planet?
 Because of what you are about to do, for what God has prepared you to do, for the training and everything you went through.


TikTok

 Your discernment, your tuition, your visions, your sight, things you can do, your spiritual abilities, your spiritual gifts, has truly pissed these covens off.
 Truly pissed and people that's not part of them.
 It's someone you're injured right now
 that super jealous of you that you're not speaking to.
 They have tried everything.
 They don't like, what you are becoming.
 They don't like what you're doing.
 They don't like how things keep happening.
 They don't like that you're planning to do something.
 You're planning whatever it is, this part from, whatever you're planning or trying to build or, uh, uh, uh, some of you guys can be going through either starting something or retiring from something, but whatever it is, the Lord is blessing it tenfold, thousandfold, multiplying it.


TikTok

 You're walking in the power of God force energy.
 Listen,
 This jealousy comes from, it's deep rooted because they did everything to stop you financially.
 They don't want you being able to take care of yourself, let alone your children if you have them, let alone being able to provide for yourself.
 If you've been going through anything significantly financially, It's not because of black.
 Because you lack nothing.


TikTok

 Understand the Lord has put you in such a place.
 For no one won't be able to, they won't even be able to say that the hand of God is not in your life.
 What's about to happen?
 And what's happening currently happening?
 Let me say, because let me see, because remember, we don't rest with flesh and blood.
 This is happening for you.
 In unseen rims right now.
 See, when I say you come from a bloodline of spiritual warriors and rulers, yes.
 See, some of y'all carry a code, a sacred energy inside of you that you don't even, some of y'all don't know how much divine power you have for the most high God.


TikTok

 When I say divine, yes.
 When I say celestial, yes.
 Was that again?
 This message is not for everybody.
 That why the ones who click on this reason.
 Why you clicked on this message?
 See, You've done something.
 Some of y'all, listen, I gotta tell y'all, some of y'all right now who may have took those matches, stop eating everybody's food.
 You meet somebody the 1st time they come to your life and you take and they bring food and stuff, but they don't never cook.


TikTok

 Afterwards, you're eating it.
 Some of y'all knew because y'all and Simon, you know, you know what you bear.
 You know what you can do.
 Some y'all have eaten food that you knew was meant to do love spells on you, so you can look at them and let them know that they are powerless.
 Against what is within you.
 You and your father are in the kingdom of heaven, society, everything you touch, blossoms.
 Everything you trust manifests, everything that you do, miracles, abundance, emotion, healing, energy, your rapper.
 The Lord Israel healer, you walk in this power.


TikTok

 You speak, it becomes, you walk in it and it is done.
 It's crazy.
 You the most powerful motherfucker around here, but yet you be just put up chilling.
 You feel me?
 You got all the gifts and all that, nigga.
 You could have crowds of people around you, but you a popular fucking loner, family.
 That's how you know you really that.
 Remember how they say the most powerful warriors?
 They seek peace.
 They don't really want a war.
 See, you don't really be wanting to do this shit, but nigga, the most high cause, and you're gonna do it every time because you obedient like that.
 You righteous like that.
 You feel me?
 The whole time you don't be wanting to do none of this shit.


TikTok

 This message is for you.
 You didn't just survive.
 You turned the whole setup into a hood-made miracle.
 You're not just walking in favor, you're strutting with the lymph that screams.
 I've been through hell and I turn it into a playground.
 Well, they laughed at your pain.
 You were building.
 When they tried to bury you, you grew roots so deep that the devil got tired of digging.
 Every fake smile.
 Is paying interest on the debt of underestimating you.


TikTok

 Look at them now.
 They can't stand you.
 But they cannot stop watching.
 Can't respect you, but can't stop copying.
 They swallow your page like addicts.
 Swallowing sermons, they'll never admit fedom.
 They say you're too raw.
 Too much, but it's funny how too much looks like prophecy.
 Funny how 2 hood looks like holy.
 You didn't bow.
 You didn't sell out.


TikTok

 You didn't kiss no rain.
 You walk through the fire, and a gangster wife.
 The same crowd, this war, you never make it.
 It stuck front row.
 They tried to clown you.
 But the other clowns in your circuit.
 You're the sermon, the punchline, the prophecy.
 So let them whisper.
 Let them plot.
 Let them chat your name.


TikTok

 They're not your opposition.
 They're your unpaid hype man.
 Every shot they throw, ricochets back as applause.
 They still don't get it.
 They thought you wanted revenge.
 No, you want a resurrection and you got it.
 Undeniable.
 You didn't just flip the script.
 You tore the whole script up.
 They keep talking like they know your story.


TikTok

 But all they really know is that it burns to know that you're the one that can't erase.
 You turned every insult into an ad live.
 Their hate.
 It won't stop you.
 So keep going.
 Hey, everybody, man, I appreciate all y'all.
 I just wanted to give a little quick shout out, and if I don't call your name, man, I will shout you out in the future.


TikTok

 I know it's a lot of people who consistently support me, and I just want to say I appreciate y'all.
 I want to shout out and forgive me if I say it wrong.
 Collective, they don't know how you get on here and just truly be yourself and be authentic without feeling insecure, without feeling embarrassed, without feeling shame, without feeling, like, what are people going to say?
 What are people going to think?
 Like not caring it, not caring about how you perceive, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, they don't, they don't have that courage just to get on hand, just to post.


TikTok

 let alone their life, let alone their own thoughts.
 know what I'm saying?
 Like, a lot of people don't, yo, it's a lot of people that get over here and be like, yo, I was thinking this today.
 But there's a lot of people that be thinking a lot of shit, but they may feel crazy like I can't see act.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 They don't want to even express themselves.
 You get what I'm trying to say?
 Like a lot of people take a lot of time for a lot of people to express themselves because they don't want to feel some type of way.
 don't want to feel no backlash from what they saying.
 Oh, they don't want what they're saying affecting their relationship with other people or how other people view them.
 You get what I'm saying?
 Because they care about how they perceive.


TikTok

 And you do not care how you perceive.
 You're not even thinking like that.
 You're not even looking at the situation like that.
 You're not even thinking about humiliation.
 Maybe because you've been humiliated already.
 Maybe you already felt embarrassment, so that shit don't mean none of you.
 You already felt that.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, the humiliation, you already felt that, because you're not out here doing no crazy shit.
 Like, you know, like, but listen.
 It's like you don't feel like the shame that come with posting online or come with trying to become a creator online.
 You know, a lot of people feel saying like, damn, I shouldn't be a content creator, you know, like, ah, ah, you know, but the fact that you just get on here and do that shit, being positive, being passionate, really wanting to do this shit.


TikTok

 Like, a lot of people can't sit here and do that and talk about the things you be talking about, the type of topics you get on here and talk about, that sometimes you do, you may go, you may do a little story time and things of that nature.
 Maybe people can't even do that.
 Come on here, because they really bad people, you're not a bad person.
 But it's a lot of people that actually got on here and change their life, so I can't say that, bro.
 You know what I'm saying?
 The internet created a way for a lot of niggas.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 Because it put on some information that we don't be knowing about.
 You feel me?
 They don't know why you so good.
 Why are you so courageous when it comes to that?


TikTok

 Like, you, like, you got this self-worth that just, ultimate heart, like, is, okay, like, the self-confidence.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You trust yourself in the moment and the creation, like, you don't, you know, a lot of people be overthinking, like, how many times?


X

The goal is simple.
 Test their custom built drones to see if they can lift four times their own weight, a feat that has never been done in the history of aviation.
 We're co-locating with FlightFest, a family friendly,


TikTok

Oh, but they don't never upload.
 They be like, nah, this is wrong with it.
 too much wrong with it either.
 It's got to be perfect for them.
 Because they think if it's not perfect, that's what they think.
 Other people gonna see it.
 Other people, no, they're gonna, they're gonna say
 I'm done, but they're going to say
 So they got to find the perfect thing to post.
 You already perfect?
 But, you know, I don't like that saying nobody perfect.
 You know, I wouldn't say that, you know, we all got to learn and still.
 We all got to grow.
 So I would say, we need to grow and evolve and mature, but necessarily, we already made perfect.


TikTok

 The world want to change you.
 They told you you got to get this and that and that and have this and this was going to bullshit worth.
 none of that shit matters.
 God made you the way you are because that's perfect.
 thats your worth right there already.
 And you can't change that.
 You can go in there and try and change it, but it's not really going to really change it.
 It's not going to change your confidence.
 It may, but, you know, it may not.
 So some people do, but like, let's be real, like, changing anything about you is necessarily not the best thing.
 No?
 Because a lot of people do it out of insecurities or out of competition or out of jealousy and envy.


TikTok

 But you, collect, if you don't move like that, you don't operate out of jealousy, you don't operate out of envy, hatred.
 You don't operate out of insecurities.
 You don't project onto people.
 You love on people, and that's the thing they can't stand.
 That you loving, but you also not dumb, you know?
 That's the thing that they probably can't stand.
 Like, this nigga love, he loving ass person, but he just doesn't easily trust you.
 Like, why he why he don't want to trust niggas?
 They think, since he's so loving and so kind and generous, that you just automatically trust motherfuckers.


TikTok

 Whatever you put out here on the internet, you put it out there because you don't really care.
 is because, like, I don't give a fuck, bro.
 Fuck, you know, like, you don't have that fear of, like, no, but niggas going to season, but what you, when people going to think about this, nigga, that's just your OCD of all what you want, everything to be perfect.
 That's all it is.
 You have an anxiety about one, everything to be perfect, everything not going to be perfect.
 One day your head going to be looking amazing.
 Next day you wake up, it's just going to be a what, a bad hair?
 There's not a bad hair that you hear just decided to look like that.
 The more you change it, the uglier get, right?
 The more you keep fucking with your shit when you feel like it's a bad hair day, the other, it just be like, oh, hey,


TikTok

 I probably put a scarf phone.
 Y'all niggas put the ski on top of y'all shit, chill, though.
 You feel me?
 Chill.
 You feel me?
 You get overhead, showed off.
 don't care.
 Because it's perfect the way it is, because you are, you know you look good.
 That the thing.
 A lot of you know you look good.
 You know you some sexy.
 attractive ass type of person.
 And I feel like since you are this type of prison, a lot of people be trying to make it feel like you're not attractive.
 They be trying to feel like, you're not that smart.
 You're not that special.
 You're not that good.
 They always gonna undermine you because you're that good.
 The fuck?
 You're that amazing.


TikTok

 You are...
 It's, like, you are just amazing.
 And people act like they don't see it, but they got to act like they don't see it because they wish they was that amazing, but they realized he's just that amazing when she's just that amazing.
 Let me be, but they don't think to beat themselves.
 They think to copy it and pass on the information.
 Like they came up with it on their own, but they got it from you.
 But it's cool because, like, you know where it came from.
 When you hear it, you know where it came from.
 You know, you started you started a lot of ways, a lot of emotions out there.


TikTok

 You started a lot of people emotions.
 Let's be real.
 You started a lot of people motion.
 You started a lot of people's new process.
 You thought, nigga, you evolve people.
 Yes, you right here just watching us.
 You have helped people evolve.
 You have helped people become the best version of yourself.
 Before you, niggas was insecure, after you, they was confident.
 Niggas got bull.
 I am not saying bold in a tough way, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, being bold, like, you know, walking up to their crush or finally shooting a DM, like, ah, you know how niggas send a DM and throw their phone?
 I'm waiting for her to respond.
 I'm like, I just had some fire shit.


TikTok

 I know she's going to spot.
 Even if she don't respond, I don't give a fuck.
 Because I'm bold enough to text another...
 I'm bold enough to do that.
 Because, you know, a lot of niggas, she'll shoot you down IRL or on social media.
 And I'm like, you gonna be like, I'm done hollering at these bitches, man.
 Fuck these bitches.
 You ain't gonna wait for you're gonna wait for one of them to text you.
 You feel me?
 Don't keep spending eggs, though.
 that's doing too much.
 Don't keep spam, man.
 You feel me?
 Wait a couple days and be like, oh, that's how they move.
 Give him a couple days to respond because you know, girls always want, oh, my bad, I ain't see this.
 I've been geling off you.
 They trying to gel off you.


TikTok

 Because the whole time, they think that since you're replying fast, you thirsty.
 You feel me?
 Like fellas, listen, when a girl take their time, And you respond back fast, she think that you're thirsty.
 She think, oh, this nigga ain't really got going on.
 He got the time to text me, bitch, you on your phone as well.
 So I'm trying to act like you're not on your phone.
 But they think that when you respond fast, they think that you easy or they got one.
 Like look, he got him responding fast.
 Fuck, I'm gonna do, not respond.
 bitch, I seen it.
 You want me to be like, she said this, all right.


TikTok

 That shit weird is out.
 Isn't that some lame shit?
 She said, come out, son.
 She called me, I will in it.
 Yo, you ain't see my text?
 Nah, I was sleeping shit.
 You feel me?
 And I just really woke up.
 I about to get in a shower with this shit, though, but you feel me?
 I'm jealous, yo, I'm jealous.
 But listen, listen, though.
 That's how don't don't shit be like that game.
 come on.
 They be trying to gel off you.
 That shit, I feel like that shit back.
 Because why not just text a nigga back?


TikTok

 If you don't wanna text, say you don't want to text.
 If you be like, yo, I don't even know why I texted you while we still talking.
 Like, I'm done with you.
 Why y'all just can't say that instead of put long inevitable?
 Evidently, you don't focus with it because if a girl, if she texts me, bro, she focus you again.
 Like, if she texting you, uh, uh, she doubt texting you.
 I't think she really fuck with you, bro.
 But I don't know, game, because nah, she don't focus you because that's weird.
 That' weird.
 I just feel like that's weird.
 Because, I feel like, I feel like a girl folk with you.
 Like, listen, listen, if she really fuck with you, she gonna text you because when y'all texting, it's shit that's sad that, remember you told me that, that on Thursday, it's right here.


TikTok

 We slide up right here and we can screenshot together, motherfucker.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Because then it's like she really can't pull you.
 So she don't want to text you.
 It's because she's a liar.
 She's a gas lighter.
 She a manipulator.
 She a deceiver.
 This is why she's not trying to text.
 Because then she texts you, and then you respond, and then she calls you, bitch.
 I didn't tell you to call me.
 I didn't say I was free to call.
 I thought you texted me.
 So I text you and you text me back.
 You feel me?
 because the more she texts, the more she reveals, she can't ha, ha, ha, her mask in the text, because then it would be the evidence there that the mask is there.


TikTok

 You feel what I'm saying?
 So she technically fuck with you, she like you.
 She gonna text you.
 Like, you know, she definitely going to text you because, you know, females be, they be chilling on their phone and, you know, they type quick as shit.
 You feel me?
 be on every notification.
 So she act like she got the notification, seeing see the notification.
 I'm not saying she was asleep.
 I'm not saying she was in the kitchen downstairs making food.
 I't know what she was doing, but again, let's be real.
 That phone always near.
 So if she acting like it's not right there, Stop vying.
 And it's 8 o'clock, then stop playing me, game.


TikTok

 I'm not saying this from experience, but we all know how do you, this is good.
 We all know I would go, game.
 So she ain't trying to text, get her out of here.
 I'm not saying we got to get on the phone all the time.
 Because I feel like that shit takes up too much time because that's prolonging the inevitable.
 Say whatever you need to say in his text.
 That's it.
 We all need to keep talking for the rest of the day.
 See, that's what I feel like that's what makes her fuck with you.
 Like, when she texting you, like, because she'll call you later or something.
 She doesn't have to necessarily call you right now.
 The fact that she's trying to call you right now.
 She doing too much.
 I already I already, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 You doing too much.
 It's early.
 You can't send a little text, you feel me?
 Because, you know, when she thinks, it's not going to be nowhere.
 Maybe she just don't know how to text.
 Maybe she just don't know how to text.
 Maybe if she thinks she going to say some bullshit, he's not going to want to respond no more.
 So it's best to get you on the phone.
 It's like, it's like one person, against an entire fucking army and they're wondering how in the hell are you so unstoppable?
 How does this person keep escaping them?
 They got five, 6 group members working, combining powers together to go against this one person and they still cannot take you the fuck out.


TikTok

 The page of one, she can keep getting good news.
 It's like they think your ass gone, then boom, you pop out with your goddamn wand, like, who want it?
 Who wants the smoke?
 Who ready?
 The pains and cuss, 'cause she was up very wild.
 Wow.
 Yeah, she's a fucking bear. Princess Gaddabi bitches into the kings of low and makes a surprise and discovery.
 Yeah, these people be surprised as hell.
 When you pop back out, you looking different.


TikTok

 You got extra wings and shit.
 You be gliding through rims.
 They don't understand it.
 How you keep being on top of the wheel, wherever she he or she stops, nobody knows.
 They cannot.
 they can't turn this will.
 Somebody keeps trying to stop you from moving.
 Every time they turn the wheel in the opposite direction, you whip that motherfucker.
 You you turn it right back in the direction you want it to go.
 And these people are so shocked, whoever this is, I'm picking up on like a roof or something or some type of organization that keeps trying to come up against somebody.


TikTok

 The 7 o'clock, they try so many different options.
 They have tried so many different options, just to be up to 7 people.
 7 weird, wild, and wonderful illusions to dazzle and distract your mind.
 They try so much stuff to try to, to, um, cause illusions around you and you see through every time. They want you in the 10 wands.
 They want you stressed out and burned.
 Feel like giving up, but yeah, in the 5 of pinnacles, loss, alone and afraid.
 You ain't fucking afraid?


TikTok

 You ain't lost.
 you ain't alone.
 You know who backing you up.
 Yeah, temperance.
 you a fucking angel, and you got a legion of angels that's backing you up.
 A lot finding life balance.
 You too balanced.
 You wear so many fucking masks, 7 to cups.
 You the jack of all trades.
 You motherfucking Houdini in the flesh.
 Yeah, you forge your head.
 Even if it's slow moving, you still fold your hair.
 You slow moving, and you still fly right the fuck past these folks.


TikTok

 Yeah, 41s, a joyous celebration.
 You celebrate every time.
 Adventure of the Spirit.
 I'm telling you, you move slow, you can move fast.
 You still dodge these bullets.
 The moon in reverse.
 It's not nothing.
 They can't hide shit from you.
 You see everything.
 Even the things you don't see, even if you're ignoring your ancestors will send you another reminder.
 They'll drop a feather.
 They'll drop a dime.
 They'll drop you signs to let you know you need to maneuver this way.
 You need to do this protection work.


TikTok

 Yeah, and keep avoiding these towers and these people don't understand how.
 And you could tell these motherfuckers they can do whatever the fuck they want to do over there in that dirty place they at.
 They can see spells, cash bills all the way to the fucking move.
 I don't give a fuck.
 That shit ain't gonna touch me.
 That shit ain't gonna come to me, bitch.
 You been dealing with this type of bullshit your whole life.


TikTok

 You've been trained for this.
 That bullshit spell work is not gonna touch you, and you know it.
 And... let these motherfuckers keep throwing negative energy at people and trying to make stuff hard on people until they come across the right person. And then, smack through your motherfucking lips, bitch.
 Just like Craig did, uh, Debo.


TikTok

 Motherfucker?
 You continue healing.
 You continue rising and becoming wiser.
 And keep praying for knowledge and wisdom.
 And these motherfuckers wanna keep doing the same shit and keep letting them get fucked up while we steady eating popcorn.
 Fuck these motherfuckers.
 Okay, Mr. Stepper, Mrs. Stepper, Stepperton, you just been stepping.


TikTok

 Stefan and Stefan, you've been stepping for a minute now.
 You know what I'm saying?
 A whole lot of people getting stepped on.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, whoa.
 Yeah, the person I'm talking to right now?
 Ain't know a little about you.
 You know what I mean?
 Ain't nothing little about you.
 Only big things happen around you.
 You feel me?
 I'm talking to... Mr. Open Up Doors.
 You know what I'm saying?
 That helicopter, that airplane, or whatever that is, that's your confirmation right there.
 Mrs. open up doors, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Open up opportunities, you know what I'm saying?
 You open the door, you leave the way.
 What are you, Harriet?
 tell me?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like you leading people down the goddamn goddamn underground underground railroad.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, yeah, that's you...
 And that's because you was made for this, right?
 Who else would you?
 You the one your ancestors was waiting for and praying for.
 You know what I mean?
 And I want you to claim that.
 Be for real about that.
 Be serious about that.
 I'm not just trying to blow smoke up you're behind like, nah, like, It is what it is.


TikTok

 I am that I am, right?
 That's you.
 You know what I'm saying?
 That's what you are.
 You feel me?
 Like, yeah, yeah, you, you, you, you the type of person that doesn't fold under pressure.
 Feel me?
 You don't crumble under pressure.
 You from you, what is pressure?
 They make diamonds, right?
 You already a goddamn diamond.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, diving in the rough, you know what I'm saying?
 Because you bring light to wherever you go, no matter what your surroundings look like.
 Wherever you're at, you bring the light wherever you go, right?
 You don't go looking for the light.


TikTok

 You are like, you are like, at the end of the tunnel, right?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, you're the one, you're you're like the, you're like the, you're like the floor general with a point guard on the floor, creating opportunities for your teammates.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You could score.
 You'll score, but you create an opportunity for your teammates to shine as well.
 That's what's pop.
 that's what's popping about you.
 You feel me?
 That's what's popping about you because you're not arrogant.
 You feel me?
 You want to see other people on top two.
 You don't have no problem.
 uh, uh, uplifting people.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, giving people they flowers, you give credit where it's due.


TikTok

 you receive so much positive energy.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 That why you've been getting so much positive feedback because you're positive.
 Everything is getting regulated to your nervous system.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 You did that in the work.
 You so spiritually gangster.
 The way you reclaim Joseph.
 You reclaimed yourself in a divine way.
 In such a way, you no longer wait on yourself.
 Because you reclaimed your heart.


TikTok

 You becoming your mind.
 You reclaimed your character.
 You reclaimed your behavior.
 You reclaim your majority in your healing.
 You reclaim your power.
 In your strength.
 Yes, you've been tried.
 Yes, you be invested.
 But you overcomers.
 You're getting victory.
 You're not allowed, nothing to bring you down.


TikTok

 Staying in high vibration.
 Keeping your peace.
 and holding yourself.
 I don't know who I'm talking to, but for me it's the confidence that you walk with.
 It's your confidence.
 How you come on here and you just, you don't care how you look, you love yourself in every way, shape, or form, and everybody can see it.
 Everybody knows it.
 You love every attribute about yourself, how God has made you.
 And that's what gets under their skin.
 Because they looking at you like, oh, oh, and you just like, yeah, that's me.


TikTok

 That's me.
 That's who I am.
 I'm a bad bitch.
 Clock it.
 Clock that shit.
 I don't give a fuck if you a guy.
 You a bad bitch.
 Who gives a fuck?
 Clock that shit.
 They mad because you're in touch with your feminist side.
 And you know you beautiful, and you know you handsome, and you know you got what it takes.
 And you believe in yourself.
 And that's why they mad because when you look at yourself in the mirror, you see greatness.
 I see greatness when I look at myself and you do the same.


TikTok

 And that's what gets under their skin every time because they're uncomfortable in their skin.
 They don't like how they look.
 But us, we love how we look.
 We love how God has made it.
 We love everything about us, to our eyebrows, to our lips.
 To our eyes, to our hair.
 We love everything about us and that's what get under their motherfucking skin because you're confident and that's what's going to kill them.
 It your confidence kills.
 That's what it is.
 Your confidence is like nothing else they have ever seen.
 And it makes them uncomfortable because you love yourself.


TikTok

 Like I said, you a bad bitch, clock it.
 You're a bad bitch.
 I don't give a fuck.
 Clock that shit.
 You go back, bitch.
 Who gives a fuck, nigga?
 They mad because you see yourself more pretty than they see theyself.
 That's why they mad.
 And you know you look good, so fuck what they got to say.
 We bad bitches.
 That's what it is.
 I'm a bad bitch.
 I'm a coat on it.
 You a bad bitch.
 Like, that's what it is.
 We look good.
 We beautiful, we pretty.
 I call it what it is.


TikTok

 People are confirming that you really do, indeed, have supernatural abilities.
 This is a quick message from the universe.
 You got a reputation chosen one.
 Got a crazy reputation, brother.
 Sister, you got a crazy reputation.
 You, you, yo.
 Man, people are really out here.
 Telling stories about you, Chosen One.


TikTok

 They're really saying, yo.
 I was, I, I, I seen that kid in real time.
 I was around that guy.
 I was around that girl.
 They really, yo, they really got supernatural powers, man.
 Like, I see some shit, some crazy shit around them, bro.
 Man, yo, you're like a legend, bro.
 They're really saying that. It's not cap.
 They're really saying, like, nah, this shit ain't cap, man.
 This nigga really does have these supernatural abilities.


TikTok

 And the crazy thing about it is,
 It's not even people that you think it was, Chosen One.
 It's not even people that you think it is, right?
 Make sure, man, make sure y'all sharing, liking, and hyping these videos.
 We are growing.
 Shout out to my community.
 Y'all always rock with me.
 I got the best community on YouTube, on TikTok, period.
 Thank you so much for all all the support.
 Keep liking and hyping and sharing.


TikTok

 Right?
 And if you're new, here subscribe.
 Yo, chosen one.
 They're literally saying,
 Like, bro, and I need you to understand, it's not even the people that you think it is, man.
 See, you was in a situation, brother, and we talk about this.
 The Chosen One Olympics.
 We got to bring light to this, right?
 Every time one of y'all comment, people, God made you.
 There was no mistakes.
 In fact, everything was made flawless.


TikTok

 He's so beautiful.
 You shine so bright.
 Everything about you is so just, you know, you see, I can't even find the words for it.
 That's how beautiful and how powerful you are.
 You know, because you're a reflection of God.
 You allow God to flow through you.
 You walk in righteousness, you know what I mean?
 That's so beautiful.
 You deserve hugs and dishes.
 You deserve flowers.
 You deserve, um, the finest dine in.
 You deserve the finest music to your ears.


TikTok

 You deserve the finest, softest linen to your skin.
 You deserve the smoothest oils, you know what I'm saying?
 Because you, you faithful servant.
 You showed up so flawlessly and everything that you do.
 You didn't let nothing take you away from that. And that's so beautiful.
 I love you and continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 This may be the last video I do for TikTok, and I can't believe I'm saying that.


TikTok

 But for my last video, I want to leave you with a piece of advice.
 And I do want to thank those who contributed to the platform, but I'll do that later on.
 First of all, don't be sad about this app going away.
 I know I've seen people crying and that's okay.
 I am not judging you.
 A lot of people think this is just an app, but you can't compare this app to the notepad app.


TikTok

 Okay?
 This is a whole different thing.
 This is, this has been a hub of communication for all of us throughout the world.
 I can guarantee all of us have grown at least 10 years, mentally because of this app, because of the contributions of everyone.
 So it's not just an app.
 If you say it's just an app, I could already tell what your algorithm was like.
 It was probably full of nonsense and ignorance.
 So that's why you say that.
 But some of you know my story through my 1st book, uh, City of Serpents.


TikTok

 You know what I've been through.
 So this thing right here is just confirmation for me that something better is coming along.
 Okay?
 Us humans, as a collective, we're remarkable.
 We're always innovating, we're always inventing, and we're always pushing the envelope.
 And right now, it's like a woman in labor, right?
 It's difficult.
 It's a struggle.


TikTok

 You might be uncomfortable, but once that woman gives birth, new life emerges and she smiles.
 Okay, she's happy.
 She says everything was worth it.
 It was worth going through all the labor and stuff to get this new child.
 So, Just because this app is going away, it doesn't mean we're all going away and always remember, you have you.


TikTok

 And you have God.
 Always with you.
 You always have yourself with you.
 That may not make sense right now, but I hope it will real soon.
 So if you are feeling like crying or you're emotional, let it all out.
 I've seen people on here crying, but I see them holding back.
 Don't hold back, let it all go, cry into cry into a pillow if you have to.
 Don't be ashamed of that.
 Just do it in private.
 And it'll help you heal and overcome this.


TikTok

 Now, some piece of advice I have for you, always embody unconditional love.
 Don't say I'm going to talk to that person because they have a Rolls-Royce, and I'm not going to talk to that person because they're wearing regular clothes.
 Show everybody unconditional love until they give you a reason to not talk to them ever again.
 Okay?
 Which brings me to my next point.


TikTok

 Always protect your energy, always protect your peace.
 Okay?
 That's that's all I got to say about that.
 And this right here is very crucial.
 Always be authentically you.
 And the reason for that is everything is about supply and demand.
 If you're like everyone else, if you're looking to your left and looking to the right and try to do the same hand gestures as that other person, copy the same slang and lingo as the other person.


TikTok

 Now you have a 1000000 people who are just like you, and guess what?
 The value goes down.
 But when you're authentically you, you're the only one that exists.
 And because of that, your value goes up.
 If anybody wants your vibe, they have to come to you and you only.
 So always be authentically you.
 Never be malicious towards anyone, whether that's in the physical or in the mental.
 Don't hate on anybody.


TikTok

 Don't wish bad for anybody.
 Don't send anybody negative energy.
 Send everyone, including your enemies, positive vibes, send them love, and wish them well, and in turn, you will always be taken care of.
 Even if you're going to lose a stream of income because of TikTok, rest is short, it's going to be replaced with something even better with more money.
 Okay?
 Just do as I'm telling you, do not be malicious.
 Just be a good human, be the best that you can.


TikTok

 Also, this is very crucial.
 Gain knowledge and wisdom every single day.
 Don't go a single day without gaining knowledge and wisdom.
 Every day, learn about different things, not just about one topic or one country, or one culture, or one trade.
 Learn as much as you can.
 Be a master at something, but then have general knowledge about everything else.
 You're gonna experience a much better life and you'll always be entertained through your mind, even if you're sitting in a dark empty room, your knowledge and wisdom is gonna entertain you.


TikTok

 And also, this is sort of the last thing I want to say before I move on to thanking people.
 Trust that all is well.
 Okay?
 And that everything is working out in your favor.
 Sometimes things happen and we think it's bad, but it ends up being good because something comes along because that thing happened.
 So you may not see why things are happening the way they are right now, but I guarantee sometime in the near future, you're going to be happy, things played out the way they did.


TikTok

 You just never know what the situation is going to birth, not only for you, but for the United States of America in general.
 So, stay positive and trust that everything is working out in your favor.
 Now, If you like my content, I know people like to consume their content in their own way.
 If you want to watch my full length videos, for now, they're only going to be available on that video platform with the red and white logo with the play button.


TikTok

 I don't want to say it on here because I don't want this video to get shadow spanned, okay?
 There's a lot of good people on there.
 Don't don't judge the whole community.
 Okay?
 The spiritual community there is amazing people, sweet people.
 I've met a lot of people already, and you could also check me out through the link of my bio here.
 It'll take you straight to that platform.


TikTok

 Now, I didn't want to start off with this because some people might just scroll through the video, but I really want to thank you for, from the bottom of my heart, for just showing up, you know, just watching my videos, commenting, liking, uh, a special thank you to those who supported me through my website by ordering a book or all the books or all the audiobooks.
 Um, a few of you have um, already booked a Zoom call with me.


TikTok

 I just started that not too long ago, and a few of you already left 5 star feedback on that.
 I truly appreciate it.
 And um, a major, major thank you to the creators.
 To the creators on it without them, this app would not be it.
 Thank you.
 If you're a creator and you're watching this from the bottom of my heart, thank you so much for contributing.
 You are one of the reasons why humanity has been moving forward, and I applaud you, and I'm manifesting a great life for you and for my supporters.


TikTok

 I manifesting great health and prosperity for you.
 And last but not least, TikTok and its people, a people of dignity and honor.
 That's who TikTok is, TikTok.
 I'm not talking about TikTok, the app, or the corporation.
 I'm talking about the people.
 The CEO, I would love to meet one day and just shake his hand and have a few laughs because this man is a man of honor.


TikTok

 When January 15th came, I had some doubts as to whether or not they were going to pay the creators.
 I went to bed.
 I go to bed early around 5 p.m. and I didn't get an email from them and I figured, all right, they're not going to pay us.
 I kind of get it, you know, with the pending ban.
 99% of the people would do that anyway.
 So I I didn't I didn't get hurt about it or anything like that.
 When I woke up, I got an email from them, and I could not believe they send a full payment, and I got to commend them and show them the utmost respect to the CEO of TikTok.


TikTok

 I salute you, and I'm manifesting great things for you.
 And I know, God is always going to take care of you.
 He's always going to be there for you. And I pray he gives you more creativity, more intelligence, better health, more happiness, God bless you, all of us, all this man and his company, meaning his people, all of our gratitude and appreciation.


TikTok

 Because these low down, dirty motherfuckers cannot just fall on their own quality.
 They had to go way the fuck out their way and get in your way and try to take you down with them. Because these motherfuckers are secretly deteriorating behind the scenes and they think it's not obvious. Like, they think that your discernment is not working.
 They think your discernment is broke.
 That's what's wrong with these motherfuckers.


TikTok

 And these motherfuckers are crashing out because they're under immense pressure.
 They're under immense spiritual and physical scrutiny.
 So the best way for these motherfuckers to cleanse it is to reach out to the motherfucker they envy the most.
 Which is you.
 So that's what causes all of this friction and all this turbulence and all these motherfuckers reaching all of these far-fetched ass, all these far-fetched reactions.


TikTok

 Because these motherfuckers are mad that you are glowing, and you are growing, and you're finally getting the recognition that you deserve, because you put the hard work in, and you took accountability, unlike these petty, jealous, hating motherfuckers.
 They always try to find something wrong in what you do.
 But the multi God sees everything and the universe will always work in your favor.
 These motherfuckers can't stop you.


TikTok

 They can't stop the rise.
 They can't stop what's meant for you?
 Because what's for you will always be for you.
 These motherfuckers trying to trick your mind, hoping that you not hip.
 But the most I God was whispering to you the whole time.
 And these motherfuckers was in this bond thinking they was winning.
 That's the best way to defeat your enemies.
 to always make these motherfuckers believe that they're fucking winning.


TikTok

 These motherfuckers got too comfortable.
 They got too fucking comfortable.
 Fuck them.
 See, chosen, you're one of a kind.
 You been through situations that was supposed to wipe your hard drive clean.
 See, you're the type of person that been through dramatic stuff, but you shapeshift back to normal, like there was no problem.
 See, you're the type of individual that's hard to figure out.


TikTok

 See, you're the type of person who stand firm and walk in loyalty with the most high.


TikTok

 See, you're the type of individual.
 Whoa, they never pretend like you was perfect.


TikTok

 See, you're the type of. a person that walked through the fire and



TikTok

 Motherfucker?
 You continue healing.
 You continue rising and becoming wiser.
 And keep praying for knowledge and wisdom.
 And these motherfuckers wanna keep doing the same shit and keep letting them get fucked up while we steady eating popcorn.
 Fuck these motherfuckers.
 Okay, Mr. Stepper, Mrs. Stepper, Stepperton, you just been stepping.


TikTok

 Stefan and Stefan, you've been stepping for a minute now.
 You know what I'm saying?
 A whole lot of people getting stepped on.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, whoa.
 Yeah, the person I'm talking to right now?
 Ain't know a little about you.
 You know what I mean?
 Ain't nothing little about you.
 Only big things happen around you.
 You feel me?
 I'm talking to... Mr. Open Up Doors.
 You know what I'm saying?
 That helicopter, that airplane, or whatever that is, that's your confirmation right there.
 Mrs. open up doors, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Open up opportunities, you know what I'm saying?
 You open the door, you leave the way.
 What are you, Harriet?
 tell me?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like you leading people down the goddamn goddamn underground underground railroad.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, yeah, that's you...
 And that's because you was made for this, right?
 Who else would you?
 You the one your ancestors was waiting for and praying for.
 You know what I mean?
 And I want you to claim that.
 Be for real about that.
 Be serious about that.
 I'm not just trying to blow smoke up you're behind like, nah, like, It is what it is.


TikTok

 I am that I am, right?
 That's you.
 You know what I'm saying?
 That's what you are.
 You feel me?
 Like, yeah, yeah, you, you, you, you the type of person that doesn't fold under pressure.
 Feel me?
 You don't crumble under pressure.
 You from you, what is pressure?
 They make diamonds, right?
 You already a goddamn diamond.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, diving in the rough, you know what I'm saying?
 Because you bring light to wherever you go, no matter what your surroundings look like.
 Wherever you're at, you bring the light wherever you go, right?
 You don't go looking for the light.


TikTok

 You are like, you are like, at the end of the tunnel, right?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, you're the one, you're you're like the, you're like the, you're like the floor general with a point guard on the floor, creating opportunities for your teammates.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You could score.
 You'll score, but you create an opportunity for your teammates to shine as well.
 That's what's pop.
 that's what's popping about you.
 You feel me?
 That's what's popping about you because you're not arrogant.
 You feel me?
 You want to see other people on top two.
 You don't have no problem.
 uh, uh, uplifting people.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, giving people they flowers, you give credit where it's due.


TikTok

 you receive so much positive energy.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 That why you've been getting so much positive feedback because you're positive.
 Everything is getting regulated to your nervous system.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 You did that in the work.
 You so spiritually gangster.
 The way you reclaim Joseph.
 You reclaimed yourself in a divine way.
 In such a way, you no longer wait on yourself.
 Because you reclaimed your heart.


TikTok

 You becoming your mind.
 You reclaimed your character.
 You reclaimed your behavior.
 You reclaim your majority in your healing.
 You reclaim your power.
 In your strength.
 Yes, you've been tried.
 Yes, you be invested.
 But you overcomers.
 You're getting victory.
 You're not allowed, nothing to bring you down.


TikTok

 Staying in high vibration.
 Keeping your peace.
 and holding yourself.
 I don't know who I'm talking to, but for me it's the confidence that you walk with.
 It's your confidence.
 How you come on here and you just, you don't care how you look, you love yourself in every way, shape, or form, and everybody can see it.
 Everybody knows it.
 You love every attribute about yourself, how God has made you.
 And that's what gets under their skin.
 Because they looking at you like, oh, oh, and you just like, yeah, that's me.


TikTok

 That's me.
 That's who I am.
 I'm a bad bitch.
 Clock it.
 Clock that shit.
 I don't give a fuck if you a guy.
 You a bad bitch.
 Who gives a fuck?
 Clock that shit.
 They mad because you're in touch with your feminist side.
 And you know you beautiful, and you know you handsome, and you know you got what it takes.
 And you believe in yourself.
 And that's why they mad because when you look at yourself in the mirror, you see greatness.
 I see greatness when I look at myself and you do the same.


TikTok

 And that's what gets under their skin every time because they're uncomfortable in their skin.
 They don't like how they look.
 But us, we love how we look.
 We love how God has made it.
 We love everything about us, to our eyebrows, to our lips.
 To our eyes, to our hair.
 We love everything about us and that's what get under their motherfucking skin because you're confident and that's what's going to kill them.
 It your confidence kills.
 That's what it is.
 Your confidence is like nothing else they have ever seen.
 And it makes them uncomfortable because you love yourself.


TikTok

 Like I said, you a bad bitch, clock it.
 You're a bad bitch.
 I don't give a fuck.
 Clock that shit.
 You go back, bitch.
 Who gives a fuck, nigga?
 They mad because you see yourself more pretty than they see theyself.
 That's why they mad.
 And you know you look good, so fuck what they got to say.
 We bad bitches.
 That's what it is.
 I'm a bad bitch.
 I'm a coat on it.
 You a bad bitch.
 Like, that's what it is.
 We look good.
 We beautiful, we pretty.
 I call it what it is.


TikTok

 People are confirming that you really do, indeed, have supernatural abilities.
 This is a quick message from the universe.
 You got a reputation chosen one.
 Got a crazy reputation, brother.
 Sister, you got a crazy reputation.
 You, you, yo.
 Man, people are really out here.
 Telling stories about you, Chosen One.


TikTok

 They're really saying, yo.
 I was, I, I, I seen that kid in real time.
 I was around that guy.
 I was around that girl.
 They really, yo, they really got supernatural powers, man.
 Like, I see some shit, some crazy shit around them, bro.
 Man, yo, you're like a legend, bro.
 They're really saying that. It's not cap.
 They're really saying, like, nah, this shit ain't cap, man.
 This nigga really does have these supernatural abilities.


TikTok

 And the crazy thing about it is,
 It's not even people that you think it was, Chosen One.
 It's not even people that you think it is, right?
 Make sure, man, make sure y'all sharing, liking, and hyping these videos.
 We are growing.
 Shout out to my community.
 Y'all always rock with me.
 I got the best community on YouTube, on TikTok, period.
 Thank you so much for all all the support.
 Keep liking and hyping and sharing.


TikTok

 Right?
 And if you're new, here subscribe.
 Yo, chosen one.
 They're literally saying,
 Like, bro, and I need you to understand, it's not even the people that you think it is, man.
 See, you was in a situation, brother, and we talk about this.
 The Chosen One Olympics.
 We got to bring light to this, right?
 Every time one of y'all comment, people, God made you.
 There was no mistakes.
 In fact, everything was made flawless.


TikTok

 He's so beautiful.
 You shine so bright.
 Everything about you is so just, you know, you see, I can't even find the words for it.
 That's how beautiful and how powerful you are.
 You know, because you're a reflection of God.
 You allow God to flow through you.
 You walk in righteousness, you know what I mean?
 That's so beautiful.
 You deserve hugs and dishes.
 You deserve flowers.
 You deserve, um, the finest dine in.
 You deserve the finest music to your ears.


TikTok

 You deserve the finest, softest linen to your skin.
 You deserve the smoothest oils, you know what I'm saying?
 Because you, you faithful servant.
 You showed up so flawlessly and everything that you do.
 You didn't let nothing take you away from that. And that's so beautiful.
 I love you and continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 This may be the last video I do for TikTok, and I can't believe I'm saying that.


TikTok

 But for my last video, I want to leave you with a piece of advice.
 And I do want to thank those who contributed to the platform, but I'll do that later on.
 First of all, don't be sad about this app going away.
 I know I've seen people crying and that's okay.
 I am not judging you.
 A lot of people think this is just an app, but you can't compare this app to the notepad app.


TikTok

 Okay?
 This is a whole different thing.
 This is, this has been a hub of communication for all of us throughout the world.
 I can guarantee all of us have grown at least 10 years, mentally because of this app, because of the contributions of everyone.
 So it's not just an app.
 If you say it's just an app, I could already tell what your algorithm was like.
 It was probably full of nonsense and ignorance.
 So that's why you say that.
 But some of you know my story through my 1st book, uh, City of Serpents.


TikTok

 You know what I've been through.
 So this thing right here is just confirmation for me that something better is coming along.
 Okay?
 Us humans, as a collective, we're remarkable.
 We're always innovating, we're always inventing, and we're always pushing the envelope.
 And right now, it's like a woman in labor, right?
 It's difficult.
 It's a struggle.


TikTok

 You might be uncomfortable, but once that woman gives birth, new life emerges and she smiles.
 Okay, she's happy.
 She says everything was worth it.
 It was worth going through all the labor and stuff to get this new child.
 So, Just because this app is going away, it doesn't mean we're all going away and always remember, you have you.


TikTok

 And you have God.
 Always with you.
 You always have yourself with you.
 That may not make sense right now, but I hope it will real soon.
 So if you are feeling like crying or you're emotional, let it all out.
 I've seen people on here crying, but I see them holding back.
 Don't hold back, let it all go, cry into cry into a pillow if you have to.
 Don't be ashamed of that.
 Just do it in private.
 And it'll help you heal and overcome this.


TikTok

 Now, some piece of advice I have for you, always embody unconditional love.
 Don't say I'm going to talk to that person because they have a Rolls-Royce, and I'm not going to talk to that person because they're wearing regular clothes.
 Show everybody unconditional love until they give you a reason to not talk to them ever again.
 Okay?
 Which brings me to my next point.


TikTok

 Always protect your energy, always protect your peace.
 Okay?
 That's that's all I got to say about that.
 And this right here is very crucial.
 Always be authentically you.
 And the reason for that is everything is about supply and demand.
 If you're like everyone else, if you're looking to your left and looking to the right and try to do the same hand gestures as that other person, copy the same slang and lingo as the other person.


TikTok

 Now you have a 1000000 people who are just like you, and guess what?
 The value goes down.
 But when you're authentically you, you're the only one that exists.
 And because of that, your value goes up.
 If anybody wants your vibe, they have to come to you and you only.
 So always be authentically you.
 Never be malicious towards anyone, whether that's in the physical or in the mental.
 Don't hate on anybody.


TikTok

 Don't wish bad for anybody.
 Don't send anybody negative energy.
 Send everyone, including your enemies, positive vibes, send them love, and wish them well, and in turn, you will always be taken care of.
 Even if you're going to lose a stream of income because of TikTok, rest is short, it's going to be replaced with something even better with more money.
 Okay?
 Just do as I'm telling you, do not be malicious.
 Just be a good human, be the best that you can.


TikTok

 Also, this is very crucial.
 Gain knowledge and wisdom every single day.
 Don't go a single day without gaining knowledge and wisdom.
 Every day, learn about different things, not just about one topic or one country, or one culture, or one trade.
 Learn as much as you can.
 Be a master at something, but then have general knowledge about everything else.
 You're gonna experience a much better life and you'll always be entertained through your mind, even if you're sitting in a dark empty room, your knowledge and wisdom is gonna entertain you.


TikTok

 And also, this is sort of the last thing I want to say before I move on to thanking people.
 Trust that all is well.
 Okay?
 And that everything is working out in your favor.
 Sometimes things happen and we think it's bad, but it ends up being good because something comes along because that thing happened.
 So you may not see why things are happening the way they are right now, but I guarantee sometime in the near future, you're going to be happy, things played out the way they did.


TikTok

 You just never know what the situation is going to birth, not only for you, but for the United States of America in general.
 So, stay positive and trust that everything is working out in your favor.
 Now, If you like my content, I know people like to consume their content in their own way.
 If you want to watch my full length videos, for now, they're only going to be available on that video platform with the red and white logo with the play button.


TikTok

 I don't want to say it on here because I don't want this video to get shadow spanned, okay?
 There's a lot of good people on there.
 Don't don't judge the whole community.
 Okay?
 The spiritual community there is amazing people, sweet people.
 I've met a lot of people already, and you could also check me out through the link of my bio here.
 It'll take you straight to that platform.


TikTok

 Now, I didn't want to start off with this because some people might just scroll through the video, but I really want to thank you for, from the bottom of my heart, for just showing up, you know, just watching my videos, commenting, liking, uh, a special thank you to those who supported me through my website by ordering a book or all the books or all the audiobooks.
 Um, a few of you have um, already booked a Zoom call with me.


TikTok

 I just started that not too long ago, and a few of you already left 5 star feedback on that.
 I truly appreciate it.
 And um, a major, major thank you to the creators.
 To the creators on it without them, this app would not be it.
 Thank you.
 If you're a creator and you're watching this from the bottom of my heart, thank you so much for contributing.
 You are one of the reasons why humanity has been moving forward, and I applaud you, and I'm manifesting a great life for you and for my supporters.


TikTok

 I manifesting great health and prosperity for you.
 And last but not least, TikTok and its people, a people of dignity and honor.
 That's who TikTok is, TikTok.
 I'm not talking about TikTok, the app, or the corporation.
 I'm talking about the people.
 The CEO, I would love to meet one day and just shake his hand and have a few laughs because this man is a man of honor.


TikTok

 When January 15th came, I had some doubts as to whether or not they were going to pay the creators.
 I went to bed.
 I go to bed early around 5 p.m. and I didn't get an email from them and I figured, all right, they're not going to pay us.
 I kind of get it, you know, with the pending ban.
 99% of the people would do that anyway.
 So I I didn't I didn't get hurt about it or anything like that.
 When I woke up, I got an email from them, and I could not believe they send a full payment, and I got to commend them and show them the utmost respect to the CEO of TikTok.


TikTok

 I salute you, and I'm manifesting great things for you.
 And I know, God is always going to take care of you.
 He's always going to be there for you. And I pray he gives you more creativity, more intelligence, better health, more happiness, God bless you, all of us, all this man and his company, meaning his people, all of our gratitude and appreciation.


TikTok

 Because these low down, dirty motherfuckers cannot just fall on their own quality.
 They had to go way the fuck out their way and get in your way and try to take you down with them. Because these motherfuckers are secretly deteriorating behind the scenes and they think it's not obvious. Like, they think that your discernment is not working.
 They think your discernment is broke.
 That's what's wrong with these motherfuckers.


TikTok

 And these motherfuckers are crashing out because they're under immense pressure.
 They're under immense spiritual and physical scrutiny.
 So the best way for these motherfuckers to cleanse it is to reach out to the motherfucker they envy the most.
 Which is you.
 So that's what causes all of this friction and all this turbulence and all these motherfuckers reaching all of these far-fetched ass, all these far-fetched reactions.


TikTok

 Because these motherfuckers are mad that you are glowing, and you are growing, and you're finally getting the recognition that you deserve, because you put the hard work in, and you took accountability, unlike these petty, jealous, hating motherfuckers.
 They always try to find something wrong in what you do.
 But the multi God sees everything and the universe will always work in your favor.
 These motherfuckers can't stop you.


TikTok

 They can't stop the rise.
 They can't stop what's meant for you?
 Because what's for you will always be for you.
 These motherfuckers trying to trick your mind, hoping that you not hip.
 But the most I God was whispering to you the whole time.
 And these motherfuckers was in this bond thinking they was winning.
 That's the best way to defeat your enemies.
 to always make these motherfuckers believe that they're fucking winning.


TikTok

 These motherfuckers got too comfortable.
 They got too fucking comfortable.
 Fuck them.
 See, chosen, you're one of a kind.
 You been through situations that was supposed to wipe your hard drive clean.
 See, you're the type of person that been through dramatic stuff, but you shapeshift back to normal, like there was no problem.
 See, you're the type of individual that's hard to figure out.


TikTok

 See, you're the type of person who stand firm and walk in loyalty with the most high.


TikTok

 See, you're the type of individual.
 Whoa, they never pretend like you was perfect.


TikTok

 See, you're the type of... a person that walked through the fire and came out with no burns.
 See, trying to figure you out is a no win situation.
 It's not gonna happen.
 It's a mission impossible.
 See, you're the type of individual that stand on loyalty and strength.


TikTok

 See, you're the type of person that can see through the storm with clarity.
 But all praise due to the most high.
 Trying to figure you out is a mission impossible.
 You work for the army of God, your chosen.
 Keep stepping.
 You keep it real, and I think that's why a lot of people are scared of your answer.
 Because you're so honest, because you're so blunt about situations, about people, about how you feel, it kind of shocks some people, but it also lets people know that you don't play around.


TikTok

 You don't 2nd guess things.
 You don't put others above yourself anymore.
 And some people may not like this, you know, you have some people coming to you for advice, and when you give it straight, like you give it, and they're kind of taken back by that.
 Maybe they don't want to know that you are correct or maybe they hesitate a little bit, but it's like, you're honest.
 You want people to know if they are, you know, messing up.
 You want people to know that your intentions are true and they're pure, and that's just who you are.


TikTok

 And some people just can't grasp that truth all the way sometimes.
 Maybe you have some people just genuinely in their head, like, dang, he or she's really right, and maybe I should listen, but I don't want to, because it's not the way I want to work it, right?
 And you may have.


Gemini

Regarding the Othello build and the inertial gyrolift system you are developing.
 Core concept, you have designed an unconventional heavy lift propulsion architecture that transitions from a vertical, ground rolling tyre configuration to...
Airborne lift disc. Operational physics.


TikTok

You may have, like, just a smaller circle, you know, you don't connect with too many people because there is so much fakeness.
 There's not as much authenticity, and this is something that you require now.
 They're... themselves.
 You require people to just be honest, to just be just true and genuine.
 Like, this is something you've stepped into.
 So you require this.
 And you really just seek out conversations that aren't surface level anymore, like you want to dive deep, you're more into just the way everything works.


TikTok

 Like, I'm just really picking up on, it really takes a lot to pique your interest.
 Like, it takes a good conversation, like really diving into something that you're interested in, but also people that think outside of the normal reality.
 Like, just thinking outside of the box, the way, you know, society works, the way everything's ran, like you just really love deep conversations. And when people come across you and connect with you in that way, it's just like, you click instantly.


TikTok

 You understand when people have that same mindset as you, you understand when someone genuinely wants to have pure intentions, but also engage in a conversation that is actually, you know, fulfilling.
 And... You just can't stand just, hey, how are you doing?
 Just, like, surface level stuff is not for you.
 Okay?
 And a lot of people want to genuinely know more about you.


TikTok

 They want to know how you have this deep connection with the consciousness and just, you know, the way things work, how you know so much about what you know, they want to know what you study.
 They want to know what you look into.
 They want to know how you have gotten into this position of peace, of calmness, of clarity, like how you have this head on your shoulders.
 People are just genuinely curious.
 And when you find people that want to connect with you in that way, like I said, it, it helps you.


TikTok

 It boosts something inside of you that makes you feel good because you understand that there is other people that think like you.
 You understand that there is so many that want to understand more about themselves, you know, their true version of themselves.
 And... You're just someone who sparks this and a lot of people.
 You are helping to awaken other people.
 You are helping people to see their authenticity matters, that who they are as a person is truly what you're going to attract, and being more and stepping more into that version of themselves is what is going to help them get further in life, to achieve the things they want to do.


TikTok

 And some people are scared of this and you help them awaken it.
 You help them to step into it fully. And so many people also look up to you for this.
 They see how you are thriving.
 You are getting things that you want and you don't care what anybody thinks.
 And this is such a very good quality about you.
 So keep showing people that your honesty, your truth, and your authenticity is what is genuinely helping you through life and it's what's going to help a lot of others too.
 That's the message in this one.


TikTok

Other people will be the exception to where, um, you know, you won't to where you just automatically assume the worst of people in the 1st place. You dig what I'm saying, collective?


TikTok

 And that's another reason why people tune in on you, because you are so kind, because you see the best at everyone, even if they fail to see the best in themselves, because you are uplifting, because you are so supportive, you dig what I'm saying?
 Because you enact service to those that you care for a whole near and dear to you or hell, even strangers alike.
 Anyone you have the capacity to lend a helping hand to, you will.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And so people, they feel injected with vitality.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 It's like they they get a boost, um, they get a boost and and their serotonin.


TikTok

 You did what I'm saying?
 don't even know if I use that right.
 They get a boost in their serotonin when they come across their page or when they see you post pictures of yourself or statuses or the music that you love, hobbies, passion projects, whatever, you did what I'm saying, because it's not only, you know, just great to see, but it's very much so inspiring.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Even if you are just doing it for the love of the game, you do what I'm saying, which with you, everything is about the love of the game.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Because, uh, you already know for sure that so long as you are operating out of out of love and right, love and right, love and light, maybe everything's gonna be all right.


TikTok

 You did what I'm saying?
 And hell, you dangerous at the same motherfucking time.
 In a world full of copycats and imposters.
 Choose to be a transitter.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Choose to be a trend.
 Yeah, that's what I am.
 I said trans.
 I'm not a follower.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, if you got something for me to relate to, you know what I'm saying?
 It could be relatable, but as far as being an impostor and a copycat, I won't copy nobody.


TikTok

 Don't nobody own this planet.
 Got something that I want to copy.
 Nobody, nobody.
 I don't give a damn high fame as you is.
 You got your shit and I do my own shit.
 You feel me?
 And that's what anything in life.
 You feel me?
 I can look at you and you know what I'm saying?
 Get a little game from you to elevate my game, but I won't take your game and then use it for mine, for my own, like it's my own.
 No, no.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Drop it down in the comment section, family.
 I'm a trend setter.


TikTok

 I said trend.
 Yeah, real talk.
 I'm a trend setter.
 I said trends.
 I do shit effortlessly.
 You could tell it's original when it come out of gimmy mouth.
 I don't got to scroll down TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, or nobody and look at what they doing and take notes and then come and try and present it to the world.
 Fuck no.
 I be looking at some of these content creators taking my shit and don't even pay homage.
 Won't even say, hey, I got this from Demi.
 Yeah, I know I know my shit.
 That's just like when somebody breaking your yard, steal your damn lawnmower or something, and you ride around, you look.


TikTok

 My shit.
 man, you know my shit, and you know your shit.
 You know when people be stealing your shit, you feel me?
 But it's all good.
 This is what I'm here for.
 Set and trends so people can look.
 I like that.
 Ooh, let me incorporate that into my game.
 Hey, make sure y'all like this post.
 Make sure you share it and continue being a transcetta.
 We said trends, trends, trends, ooh, ooh.
 Damn transcender, you.
 If there is anybody in your life who has earned this message, share it to them.


TikTok

 First and foremost, you are appreciated.
 In real life, in real time, literally, there are moments that I don't always show gratitude exactly where it's needed.
 Sometimes I don't always say thank you, exactly when I'm supposed to say thank you.
 So for every thank you that I missed, this is me making up for it.
 I love you.
 I adore you.
 I appreciate your presence in my life.


TikTok

 If you were not a part of my life, I would not be the grateful man that I am today.
 You are everything that makes me neat.
 You are the part of me that's most important to me. For the moments, the small moments, the little moments where you're just simply handing me a plate of food and I don't always show gratitude on those moments.
 Just know I love you.
 I appreciate you, and I truly, truly adore you.
 Stay just the way you are
 I love you for you.


TikTok

 Chosen, I love you.
 You have been going through some things that are so unexplainable that it feels like only God understands, right?
 Only God is the one you can lean on because it will feel like these situations that you're put up in are so crazy, are so insane that you're just like, well, no one's going to believe me.


TikTok

 No one's going to believe me that I see demons in these people.
 And that is your gift of discernment, okay?
 You see these people's fruits, okay?
 And you know essentially that they have demons.
 That what they're facing is much deeper, okay, because what they do to you is exactly how the demonic kingdom operates.


TikTok

 And it's the same across the board.
 Like... Okay.
 And the thing is, you've been faced with this stuff before.
 Okay?
 And we're not just talking about like, like high school bullies or mean girls and stuff like that.
 We're talking about demonic entities.
 Using these people to hurt you, right?
 So on the surface, you could say, like, this person has demonic attachment.


TikTok

 They've said these horrible things about me and they, they have bad fruits.
 But the rest of the world will look at that, that said individual and say, no, they're, they have a great job.
 They have this, they have this, this, this, all these things on paper.
 But in reality, you know that they are a hurtful being that is harboring demons.
 And the only, the only one that's gonna listen to you, is Jesus Christ, is the most high God, because at the end of the day, these things that you're facing, you can't face alone.


TikTok

 You have to be taking these things up to him.
 Praying to the Lord about your situation because He is the one that will vindicate you.
 He is the one that deserves all the glory in these situations because Hello, you're you're a grown adult.
 You're not out here supposed to be fighting people.
 That's not part of your fruits, okay?
 But you know that you've had enough.
 And God knows that you've had enough.


TikTok

 So you bring it up to him.
 Because at the end of the day, these people don't answer to you.
 Okay, there's nothing you can do to serve consequences.
 They answer to the most high.
 So I love you, chosen part two.
 You left an imprint on a lot of people.
 You touched a lot of people in so many ways, not just one.


TikTok

 By the grace you carry.
 By the blessing that you are, you imprinted on a lot of people, beautiful.
 So... it's a lot of people, believe it or not, that miss you.
 It don't matter if y'all had a falling out.
 It don't matter.
 If y'all just parted ways, for whatever reason, there's a lot of people that you may have worked with, went the school with, went out with.


TikTok

 In them old timelines, yeah, there's a lot of people... that miss you in some way, shape, or form.
 They may not talk about it.
 They may not express it.
 But they feel it.
 They reminisce about you.
 They think about you from time to time.
 Maybe not all the time, but these situations think about, think about how good of a person you were.


TikTok

 A lot of their lives haven't been the same without you.
 It haven't been the same.
 You may have treated that job like it was your own... your own company.
 Gave it to all.
 You may have treated that relationship like a... like gold.
 Gave it to all.
 You made it treated... any situation that you was in, with the purity of God's reflection.


TikTok

 You gave it to all.
 But a lot of things didn't amount up to what you was bringing to the table.
 Your frequency was very vibrant.
 You're very strong.
 And it was only so much that the world could take from you.
 That's why things happen to you.
 That wasn't supposed to happen, but it did happen.
 Or it was supposed to happen, and it had to happen.


TikTok

 However, the cars was played.
 But just know, there's a lot of people out there that think about you.
 And you may think about them.
 as well from time to time, you know?
 Wondering how they doing.
 wondering...
 Wondering if things changed or... no?


TikTok

 They finally grew up.
 And understand what they missed out on.
 But... it could be whatever.
 Understand?
 You are a blessing.
 on top of a blessing in a lot of people's lives.
 And they didn't realize it until you left.
 So.


TikTok

 You keep going, though, beautiful soul.
 It's about moving forward.
 You can't turn back.
 But whatever's meant is gonna meet you there, regardless of what it is.
 If you get this message, share this message.
 Be a blessing on top of a blessing.
 That's a walking blessing.
 Beautiful, soul, beautiful soul.
 It's tour life, major moves.
 Moop, moop.
 Whoa.
 What say I don't want you chosen?
 I just wanted to let you know, and keep you in alignment.


TikTok

 But there's one specific thing that I wanted to let you know, it's 1044 on the clock.
 They already know what you're capable of.
 Just think about that.
 That's why they do the things that they do to you, chosen, because they've identified that you could win.
 You're more than capable of winning.
 Just think.
 If you didn't have a damn thing going for you, or if you were already losing, so to speak, or if every time you got put down, you stayed down, then you wouldn't be a problem.


TikTok

 But you see, the real issue lies within you keep getting up, and every time you get up, you better.
 But this time around, you don't have to go back down.
 You just gonna stay up this time.
 That's right.
 That's how I feel tonight.
 I don't know who I'm talking to.
 I might just be talking to myself and I don't give a damn.
 Just keep that in mind what I'm telling you.
 Keep this in mind.


TikTok

 The only want to stop you because they know you are highly capable of doing things that regular people just don't have enough faith.
 They don't have enough consistency.
 They don't have enough drive.
 Or they just don't love themselves enough.
 They don't push themselves to the limit.
 You see, I used to be tired of people's bullshit.
 So, I detached myself from.


TikTok

 But now, I only get exhausted from trying to be better than who I was yesterday.
 You see, I'm somebody that's coming from a long line of all types of things, crime, drugs, bullshit, narcissist, people cheating.
 I came from this type of basic training.
 I'm sure you have come from some sort of training of your own, dealing with this shit.


TikTok

 You know?
 But I'm here to tell you that, it gets better.
 But before it gets better, it gets real, real, real, real difficult, especially in those times of stagnation.
 But if you could hold on, and if you could keep being aware enough to pick up what the most high is putting down, that should be enough to keep leading you in the correct direction.
 Not saying that, you know, you're not going to get sidetracked sometimes because this is an experience and we do experience things, but if you're aware enough, you'll always come back and be able to look within yourself.


TikTok

 I'll see that to say this.
 I'm always speaking to people that's seeing 7s, 44s, 11s, ones, double zeros.
 Just keep this in mind.
 The only want to stop you because they've identified your light and they've identified that you could actually do the things that they can only dream about.
 Your ceiling is God's floor.
 Your, your best work, your best work, the people that want to stop you will never, ever, ever, even get to this level.


TikTok

 So I'm going to need you to love yourself and do what the fuck that you need to do, but keep on going.
 Trust yourself and love God.
 Oh, yeah.
 And for them same motherfuckers, they thought they could play with you.
 Shit you playing with them.
 How'd that sound?
 How'd that work?
 You know what I'm saying?
 The whole time they still think you fall for the game.
 You playing right with them.
 See, they ain't no, you was in the game.


TikTok

 See, the coach, the coaster put you in the game.
 See, you just have to bend so long.
 You was able to see everybody's fucking up.
 Now it's your turn.
 You in the game.
 You the point guard.
 You got the rock.
 You got the bar.
 And you playing.
 And, oh, yeah, they on defense.
 They on defense.
 Yeah, they trying to lock up.


TikTok

 See, 'cause they was, they, they had the ball too.
 They was playing.
 But look.
 All things must come to an end.
 I love you
 Peace.
 God don't play about you.
 God never played about you.
 Look at you.
 I mean, look at you.
 You know, all of the shit that you've been through.
 All of the shit that you've been through.
 The people, the betrayals, and I keep saying this all the time.


TikTok

 Yes, but God has literally delivered you in so many ways.
 God has delivered you mentally.
 God has delivered you spiritually.
 God has taken the shackles off you and you no longer think or operate like the people that you were born or raised up around.
 You no longer operate in the realm of people pleasing and trying to Be, like, comfort for everybody because that, you realize that that's not your duty.
 Your duty is always been to be a duty to yourself, a duty to God, and what it is that God has assigned you to.


TikTok

 And you finally realize that, you finally realize, and because you finally realize you don't play about you neither, you stand on your boundaries.
 You stand on the foundation that God has allowed you to build without letting anything come in and distract you or take you away from.
 What it is that God is doing for you.
 Yes, people, they throw slander and all of these other things towards you, but you've learned to take that and transmute it and turn it into.
 Yeah.
 The fuel that you need to build.


TikTok

 The foundation that you need, the bricks that you needed for your foundation to continue to build.
 The extra energy, more things to talk about, more things to actually, more reasons to grow.
 You know, and the focus is on the slander, but you know, when that energy is sent towards you, it has to be turned into something and you're not going to let it turn into what it is that they want you to turn it into.
 You're going to turn it into what you want to turn it into and allow God to flow through that.
 In a righteous manner, you feel me?
 I love you and continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.


TikTok

 For whatever reason, you don't even know these people.
 You're not inviting to these people.
 You stay out of people way.
 These people come around you, motherfucker, you don't know me.
 So don't play me like you do.
 I don't know you, niggas, bro.
 These motherfuckers try to act like they fucking know you, and the only reason they fucking watching you because they hope you fucking fall.
 They want to see where it's gonna go.
 That's the only reason.
 They not watching you with support.
 Hey, watching you to see where it's gonna go because these people are bored and they don't have nothing better to do but to watch you.


TikTok

 For fucking consistently.
 These motherfuckers binge watching you.
 With the hopes of you falling.
 That's the only reason, that's the only thing that get them excited.
 That's the only thing that expires them to watch you. to hope you fall because these people are so fucking miserable, but you will never fall.
 You will always stay on top because you are right, you are righteous, and obedient, and you always serve the most high God, and you always would be a prayer warrior.


TikTok

 And these distractions ain't nothing but little technicalities.
 They ain't nothing but little typos.
 You know?
 So fuck these motherfuckers.
 Fuck these motherfuckers.
 Fuck these back door.
 Fucking pusillaneous, cowardly ass motherfuckers, because that's all they doing is fucking deceit.
 Chosen one.
 You finally did it, and all of heaven celebrated.


TikTok

 You must not scroll past this moment, because what you are about to receive carries something you have been waiting for, something that could shift your life in ways you did not expect, and if you ignore this, you may miss a breakthrough that was prepared for you long before today.
 You finally did, it means you reached a place in your spirit where you did not give up, where you chose faith over fear, and heaven responded to that decision with celebration, because your endurance unlocked something real.


TikTok

 This is not imagination, this is not coincidence.
 This is the result of every silent battle you fought when nobody saw you struggling.
 You are standing at a moment where your perseverance has activated a response from above, and what follows next will reveal why this moment matters more than you realize.
 Type amen, if you agree.
 You finally did.
 It is not about one single action.
 It is about the journey you survived that shaped you into someone stronger than your past.


TikTok

 I saw the nights when you felt weak, and still chose to keep going, even when your strength felt gone.
 I saw the moments when doubt whispered louder than hope, yet you refuse to fully surrender to it.
 And because you did not quit, something in the unseen realm shifted, something that now begins to move toward you in ways you cannot stop.
 Heaven celebrates because you crossed a line many never reach.
 The line where faith becomes real and not just words.


TikTok

 Right now, before you go any further, take a moment and show your support by liking this video, because this helps this word reach someone else who is on the edge of giving up and needs to hear what you are hearing.
 You may not feel like you did anything extraordinary, but I tell you the truth, what you did was rare.
 You stayed when it would have been easier to walk away.
 You believed even when there was no visible proof.
 You chose patience when everything inside you wanted immediate answers.


TikTok

 That is why heaven responded, not because of perfection, but because of persistence.
 The celebration is not for who you were, it is for who you became through the process you endured.
 Type one, one, one, one, if you believe.
 What is happening now is not random.
 When heaven celebrates, it means something has been approved, something has been released, something has been unlocked in your life.
 You are stepping into a moment where the struggle you endured begins to turn into something meaningful.


TikTok

 This does not mean everything changes instantly, but it means the direction has shifted in your favor.
 You are no longer fighting from the same place of weakness.
 You are now moving forward with strength that was built in silence.
 There were people who doubted you, situations that tried to break you and moments that made you question everything.
 But through all of that, you did not fully collapse.
 You bent, you struggled, you felt pain, but you did not completely let go.


TikTok

 That is what heaven honors, not perfection, not flawless faith, but the refusal to completely walk away.
 That is why this moment carries weight, because it is the result of everything you refuse to let destroy you.
 Now, understand this clearly.
 The celebration in heaven is not just symbolic, it represents movement.
 It represents things aligning in ways you cannot see yet.
 It represents doors beginning to open, even if you do not see them immediately.


TikTok

 There is something being prepared for you that matches the version of you that endured, not the old you who was unsure, but the one who stayed despite everything.
 That version of you is now ready to receive something different.
 You may still feel tired.
 You may still carry the weight of what you went through, and that is okay.
 Healing does not erase everything instantly.
 But even in your tiredness, there is a quiet strength inside you now that was not there before.


TikTok

 That strength is what will carry you into what is coming next.
 You are not the same person you were before this process, and that is exactly why heaven responded the way it did.
 Do not underestimate what it means to endure.
 Many start, but few continue when it becomes difficult.
 Many believe when things are easy, but walk away when the path becomes unclear.
 You did not do that.
 Even when your belief was shaky, you held onto something. Even when your heart felt heavy, you did not completely let go.


TikTok

 That is why this moment exists for you now.
 There is something important you must understand as you move forward.
 The celebration is not the end, it is the beginning of a new phase, a phase where you will start to see glimpses of what your endurance created.
 It may come in small ways at first, subtle shifts, unexpected moments, things that do not seem dramatic, but carry meaning, pay attention to those moments, because they are signs that things are moving.
 You are not forgotten.


TikTok

 You were never overlooked.
 Every moment of pain, every tear, every quiet prayer, it was all seen.
 And now you are entering a space where what was unseen begins to reveal itself in ways you can recognize.
 This is why it was important for you to not give up, because if you had stopped, you would have missed this point entirely.
 The truth is, you came closer to quitting than you want to admit.
 There were moments when you almost walked away from everything.


TikTok

 But something kept you here.
 Something inside you refused to fully surrender.
 That something is what connected you to this moment.
 It is the reason you are hearing this now.
 It is the reason this message found you at this exact time.
 Could a hidden part of your brain be influencing your ability?
 It's about to happen suddenly for you.
 This message is for those who know it's for them.
 There are so many blessings coming in.
 And spirit says, this is nothing.


TikTok

 This is easy for him.
 So much more is coming in for your obedience.
 For all the good you put out into the world.
 For all the people you've uplifted.
 You don't know how many souls you've touched.
 Some people won't even tell you thank you.
 But rest assured, you've changed some lives out there.
 Throughout the years.
 Some people wake up only because they came across you.


TikTok

 These blessings that are coming in will have you feeling abundant in everything, not just money.
 But in love, in peace.
 Right?
 You're really gonna feel like you're on vacation all the time.
 Because you're getting an abundance of strength and energy.
 You will wake up excited, and by the time you go to bed, you're still not tired, but you're happy to go to bed.


TikTok

 You're going to enjoy every single moment of every single day.
 You've never experienced life on this level.
 You're going to have the favor of man and woman along with the divine and all the divine beings.
 Everything is always going to work out in your favor.
 You're going to have a peaceful mind.
 You're not going to overthink.
 You're gonna manifest easily.
 This is the reward you get for being a good human being who was always faithful and never gave up on God.


TikTok

 I commend you for staying strong throughout all the calamities you've gone through.
 Because it really takes a strong warrior to endure everything and still come out smiling.
 You are a beacon of hope.
 You are a lighthouse for many.
 And many people will know who you are.
 Many people will know your name.
 And in the last season, people didn't thank you, but in this season, people will be coming out of the woodwork to thank you and to support you.


TikTok

 To support whatever it is you got going on.
 They're gonna come and support you.
 You have nothing to worry about.
 And that's all for this channeled message.
 I want to thank those who ordered one or more of my books.
 I'm truly honored by your support, and to those who ordered all 6 books, I'm humbled by your trust.
 If you're new here, welcome.
 My name is Chris Josh.
 I'm an author of 6 books, and you can learn more about them and order them by clicking the link in my bio.


TikTok

 Until next time, take care and have a good one.
 As a small business owner, I use LinkedIn hiring Pro.
 Hey, change how I think about hiring.
 Before I started using it, time process wore me down so completely that I quit before I found the right person.
 I was sorting through unqualified candidates, outdated resumes, and spending hours they didn't have, just trying to get a short list.
 Now that I'm in a building phase, I manage to hiring process differently.
 Hiring pro made good on that.
 I'm able to describe in my own words who we need for a role, and it will then find and invite qualified candidates.


TikTok

 I otherwise might have missed on my home.
 Like those hidden gems who are perfect for the job, and are open to the right opportunity, but haven't applied yet.
 For the first time in a while, the hiring process feels clear, and I feel confident from the start.
 Learn how LinkedIn Hiring Pro helps you hire a right the first time.
 When people stare at you, like, especially into your eyes, they know that you're not from this world.
 They feel as if you're not.



TikTok

 You were never overlooked.
 Every moment of pain, every tear, every quiet prayer, it was all seen.
 And now you are entering a space where what was unseen begins to reveal itself in ways you can recognize.
 This is why it was important for you to not give up, because if you had stopped, you would have missed this point entirely.
 The truth is, you came closer to quitting than you want to admit.
 There were moments when you almost walked away from everything.


TikTok

 But something kept you here.
 Something inside you refused to fully surrender.
 That something is what connected you to this moment.
 It is the reason you are hearing this now.
 It is the reason this message found you at this exact time.
 Could a hidden part of your brain be influencing your ability?
 It's about to happen suddenly for you.
 This message is for those who know it's for them.
 There are so many blessings coming in.
 And spirit says, this is nothing.


TikTok

 This is easy for him.
 So much more is coming in for your obedience.
 For all the good you put out into the world.
 For all the people you've uplifted.
 You don't know how many souls you've touched.
 Some people won't even tell you thank you.
 But rest assured, you've changed some lives out there.
 Throughout the years.
 Some people wake up only because they came across you.


TikTok

 These blessings that are coming in will have you feeling abundant in everything, not just money.
 But in love, in peace.
 Right?
 You're really gonna feel like you're on vacation all the time.
 Because you're getting an abundance of strength and energy.
 You will wake up excited, and by the time you go to bed, you're still not tired, but you're happy to go to bed.


TikTok

 You're going to enjoy every single moment of every single day.
 You've never experienced life on this level.
 You're going to have the favor of man and woman along with the divine and all the divine beings.
 Everything is always going to work out in your favor.
 You're going to have a peaceful mind.
 You're not going to overthink.
 You're gonna manifest easily.
 This is the reward you get for being a good human being who was always faithful and never gave up on God.


TikTok

 I commend you for staying strong throughout all the calamities you've gone through.
 Because it really takes a strong warrior to endure everything and still come out smiling.
 You are a beacon of hope.
 You are a lighthouse for many.
 And many people will know who you are.
 Many people will know your name.
 And in the last season, people didn't thank you, but in this season, people will be coming out of the woodwork to thank you and to support you.


TikTok

 To support whatever it is you got going on.
 They're gonna come and support you.
 You have nothing to worry about.
 And that's all for this channeled message.
 I want to thank those who ordered one or more of my books.
 I'm truly honored by your support, and to those who ordered all 6 books, I'm humbled by your trust.
 If you're new here, welcome.
 My name is Chris Josh.
 I'm an author of 6 books, and you can learn more about them and order them by clicking the link in my bio.


TikTok

 Until next time, take care and have a good one.
 As a small business owner, I use LinkedIn hiring Pro.
 Hey, change how I think about hiring.
 Before I started using it, time process wore me down so completely that I quit before I found the right person.
 I was sorting through unqualified candidates, outdated resumes, and spending hours they didn't have, just trying to get a short list.
 Now that I'm in a building phase, I manage to hiring process differently.
 Hiring pro made good on that.
 I'm able to describe in my own words who we need for a role, and it will then find and invite qualified candidates.


TikTok

 I otherwise might have missed on my home.
 Like those hidden gems who are perfect for the job, and are open to the right opportunity, but haven't applied yet.
 For the first time in a while, the hiring process feels clear, and I feel confident from the start.
 Learn how LinkedIn Hiring Pro helps you hire a right the first time.
 When people stare at you, like, especially into your eyes, they know that you're not from this world.
 They feel as if you're not.
 But they can't put their finger on what it is specifically because they're so distracted by the sparkle in your eye.


TikTok

 Like.
 Oh.
 People know that you don't view the world in a very
 I don't want to say not grounded way, but, like, realistically, I guess.
 Like... Yeah.


Gemini

Inverted cone, a new decree.
 The Othello build for you and me.
 Micron Latt is the future spine.
 This gyroscopic drift is divine.
 A thermal buoyancy lifts so high, a balloon structure inside the sky.
 Inside the sky


TikTok

float through life is what I'm getting.
 Like, just...
 You glide.
 You glide, man.
 Like you really do ride the wave of life.
 Whatever's thrown at you, you know how to work through it.
 Yeah, that's and that's who he is.
 13, 31.
 It could be in 30.
 I don't know, but 13 significant.
 You know how to work through shit.
 You know how to build.
 You know how to rebuild.


TikTok

 You know how to fall.
 You know how to win.
 You know how to lose.
 You are so balanced.
 Mm, mm, mm, you could be a Taurus.
 Don't have to be.
 A lot of... great mint.
 Earth placements.
 Yeah.
 I don't think you realize how much you glow when you follow your bliss, because you're so focused on that joy, you know?


TikTok

 You just like...
 You know, smoking it up, and then... People see you because it's like this ball.
 It like your aura, bro.
 1st of all.
 it's your aura.
 It's your energy.
 It's you.
 That's the sauce.
 You did not just see my panties.
 You're real.
 You're genuine.
 I don't think people expect this of you.


TikTok

 You could be, like, an influencer, a content career.
 or someone who has their own business.
 I think people,
 Ooh, wait a minute.
 No, some people think you, you,


TikTok

thing stuck up.
 Or like, mm.
 What's that one word?
 like snotty?
 Is that the word?
 I don't know.
 Anyways.
 We not even focused on them. That's what I'm saying, though.
 We, uh... We need evoke's on them right now.
 We focused on you.
 Genuinely, all eyes are on you.
 You are?
 Impossible to ignore right now.


TikTok

 So, what is coming from this?
 What are you calling N?
 I'm looking at my note here.
 Is what I was journaling about earlier?
 I was like, what, what creates a miracle, right?
 I'm like, what if we like created a miracle?
 Like, You think that would be possible? Because if we could create a miracle, that would be a miracle in itself.
 So.
 And I started thinking about it, and I'm like, I know what it is.


TikTok

 It's hope, plus luck.
 creates a miracle.
 Hope and luck.
 Create a miracle.
 But then you have to 1st really think about what is hope and what is luck.
 Because what I wrote down was, look, is calculated guess, and hope is action.
 But anyways, I'm still integrating that, and patience, I was also speaking about patients.


TikTok

 So thank you for your patience, genuinely.
 Wait a minute.
 A gift?
 Wait, wait a minute on it.
 Keep your notifications.


TikTok

What is this gift?
 There's actually a gift bro.
 Ooh, this is a real tangible gift.
 Tough.
 Oh, my God.
 Wait, there's too much...
 Wait, no, I can do it.
 Oh, my God.


TikTok

 You're about to be starstruck, bro.
 Holy bug.
 Foreheads.
 Sour, sourhead candy.
 If you know what I'm talking about, the words, that's gonna be major confirmation that this gift is on its way to you right now, actually.
 Mm hmm.
 Anyways. It's gonna come through a mask on energy.
 Masculine energy, okay?
 It's just the energy, man.


TikTok

 But they're gonna call you, they go, yo, yo.
 Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.
 You won.
 So what you about to do?
 You know what you about to do?
 Better prove them bitches are on.
 That what I'm talking about.
 Mm.
 Bro, you about to stand on it.
 Stand on it.


TikTok

Sorry.
 Okay.
 Anything else, Spirit?
 When is this coming in?
 Oh, bitch.


TikTok

 Mm. Mm.
 Mm. Mm.
 Mm. Mm.
 Mm. Mm.


TikTok

Um, so you're gonna have to keep this a fucking secret?


TikTok

Fucking shut up.
 Don't tell anyone.
 It literally looked two bunnies.
 Wait, can you see?
 Fuck.
 Can you see them?
 Damn it.
 Where do they go?
 Oh, you fuckers.
 Okay, well, there's two bunnies chasing each other on the plate.
 On the playground.
 Dude, I don't know.
 That's gonna make sense to somebody.


TikTok

 I don't know.
 Maybe there's a riddle in there.
 Something that decoding shit.
 I don't know, man.
 Whatever you've been doing, you've been calling in.
 Something.
 I'm gonna need your lock in.
 Because shit.
 The wheel is turning, and boy.
 It's gonna flee.


TikTok

 It ain't no, it's, it's gonna fucking, like, what you thought was gonna take two years.
 Two months, give it two fucking months.
 What you think is gonna take 30 days?
 Give a 15.
 Give me 15.
 Okay?
 Something bad happened.
 Now.


TikTok

 Watching you, is there addiction, and they're embarrassed that they can't stop.
 So someone out there exposed themselves.


TikTok

People be thinking that you're going out there and you're like, I'm gonna expose everyone.
 You literally be minding your business, but your light exposes people's demons out there.
 So you were dealing with somebody, and unknowingly, they start exposing themselves, they start attacking you, probably talking behind your back, just doing demonic stuff, you know what these demons be doing.
 And as soon as, like, you noticed it, you've got him pretty good at walking away from people.


TikTok

 And you've gotten so good to the point where you're able to walk away peacefully, when beforehand, you always had to get clarity, you had to figure things out.
 You've grown to the point where you know someone's weird, you know someone's demonic.
 You just walk away from them.
 So you walked away from this person and you thought that was going to be the end of it.
 But then you start to notice that this person starts stalking you. This person kept asking about you.


TikTok

 This person was trying to come back into your life.
 You passed the test by not allowing that person to come back into your life.
 And now a smear campaign started, the lies.
 And you survived all of that.
 You're probably surviving it currently as we speak.
 But because you're not giving this person any attention, they keep thinking to themselves like, how did this person get away from me?
 How were they able to see what I was doing and moved accordingly?
 Because this person had a history.


TikTok

other individuals before you, and God tasked you with a mission to go and ruin that person's streak.
 You were pretty much the final boss in that person's life, and they couldn't handle it.
 But this person can't accept defeat and they're trying to figure out like what you're protected by, like what is it exactly about you?
 And in the process of trying to figure out what it is about you.
 Because for one, you can say you're divinely protected.
 You can say you are of delight.


TikTok

 They're not going to believe you because how is it that your light trumped their darkness that is unheard of in this world?
 And little do they know you're one of the ones, but they're not going to believe that.
 So with them trying to figure out exactly what you are or what you're protected by, they developed a fixation on you and they can't stop watching you.
 But that's the demon behind the person, and the vessel is embarrassed.


TikTok

 They keep thinking to themselves like, why do I keep watching this person?
 Why do I keep tabs on this individual?
 And you're very tapped in.
 So when people are doing these things to you, like you are able to feel it and know it is happening.
 Some of you guys probably had people watching you for years.
 If it just started with you guys, just know that this is something you just ignore, but also believe that that person is trying to stop watching you, honestly.


TikTok

 But every time they don't watch you for a minute, your energy just keeps bringing them back in and they have to keep up with you.
 You are their addiction.
 You are their guilty pleasure, and they're not proud of it at all.
 Because they've been doing it for a minute and they've been trying to quit.
 It's like almost like trying to quit.
 I don't know if I could say that word in a video, but trying to quit rugs pretty much.
 You're like their fix.


TikTok

Every time you do something, you are giving them energy to be able to go about their days because also a thing you don't know is when you walked away from that person, you're divinely protected.
 So karma hit that person very bad and they need to kind of keep up with you because every any ounce of energy they can probably like get from you, like watching you, it's like a boost of copy for them for them to keep going.
 They know they have to stop.


TikTok

 But for the time being, they don't know how to stop.
 They're going to try to stay attached to you. And sometimes they do think that they wish they acted differently towards you.
 so they can still keep you in their life.
 But regardless of what they did, like they have demons on them, and those demons try to attack you.
 And that's why you walked away from that person.
 But that's just an L they have to take, and now they're going to forever watch you.


TikTok

 They chose the wrong one with that spiritual warfare.
 When they came after you, not only did they lose anything that they had important in life, they lost their money along with it.
 listen.
 Collected when they came at you with that spiritual warfare, the most high himself said, vengeance is mine.
 And he'll never let somebody attack you.
 That shit reversed right to their mother.


TikTok

It reverts to their partners, their family, their kids.
 Some of these people that did spiritual warfare on you.
 The karma actually came before the spell.
 The karma came before because the most I don't play when it comes to you.
 He's the original hitman.
 He said vengeance is mine.
 If anybody wants a fight, you're fighting with God himself.
 And you would love to take it on, but you're gonna leave it in the most high's hands.


TikTok

 Because vengeance's mind says him. Oh, in his wrath.
 Woo!
 When they came after that spiritual warfare with you, all it did was get everybody around them, tainted and sick.
 Sick of their shit.
 Sick of pretending.
 Because your faith is 100% official, chosen, anointed by God.


TikTok

 Your dream life is taking shape right now.
 And at times it feels so distant, so far away, but that's because you've slowed down time.
 Time used to run.
 So fast because you were living in the past or in the future, but now that you are present, time has slowed down.
 So, Allow your dream life to unfold for you.


TikTok

environment around you, enjoy this transformation because one day soon you'll wake up and go, I'm there.
 Here it is.
 Mm.
 So enjoy the ride.
 Enjoy this unfolding that's here for you.
 Enjoy the story that's being told through your experience.
 Enjoy the interactions with people that are meant to be in your path and see the growth and opportunity that every moment has for you waiting.


TikTok

 So long as you give your attention and energy to it.
 It's time for you to shine, baby.
 Mm, so make sure you shine bright.
 I love you.
 This is what the word of God says, for he will order his angels to protect you wherever you go.
 So you literally have divine protection wherever you go.
 This is what happens when you dwell with God.
 This is what happens when you were in the kingdom of God.


TikTok

 You have come out the world, you have come out the worldly systems, come out the worldly ideologies.
 You have been transformed by the renewing of your minds.
 And now you have divine protection wherever you go.
 This is how much God cares about you.
 This is how much God loves you.
 He says, for he will order.
 His angels to protect you wherever you go.
 There is an order of protection over your life.


TikTok

 There is an order of protection.
 God will order His angels to protect you wherever he goes.
 God said there is nothing to fear.
 You cannot be conquered, for they will hold you up with their hands, so you won't even hurt your foot on a stone.
 You can't even be touched a little, but you can't even hurt your foot on a stone.
 God doesn't play about his children.
 This is what happens when you are living in the kingdom.


TikTok

 You have nothing to fear.
 There is divine protection.
 You will trample upon lions and cobras.
 You will crush fierce lions and serpents under your feet.
 So he's not saying that the lions and the serpents won't be there because many of you can be looking at a promise, can be looking at your land and see these giants, see these lions, see these code breath, be like, I don't know.


TikTok

 This is this seems like a lot that fear is starting to kick in.
 Thou is starting to kick in.
 This is how the enemy likes likes to come.
 Okay, to get you to back down.
 He's saying they won't be there, but he's saying you will trample.
 You will trample them, you will crush fierce lions.
 And the serpents will be under your feet.
 The serpents are not above you, but they're under you, so you have power and authority over the serpents.
 God is saying understand how powerful you are.


TikTok

 Many of you were not stepping in in the authority and the power that is given to you through the Holy Spirit.
 What if this happens?
 What if that happens?
 What if what if they try?
 Nothing can touch you.
 God is literally telling us that you are a victor.
 Yes, the lions will be there.
 Yes, the serpents will be there, but you will crush the lion, and the serpents are under your feet.
 They're under you.
 They're not above you.
 Understand how powerful you are.


TikTok

 Understand who you are in the kingdom of God.
 understand the benefits of being in the kingdom of God.
 There are benefits.
 These are the benefits of being in the kingdom of God.
 No plague will come near you.
 You will have divine protection wherever you go.
 You will trample upon lions, crush lions, and the serpents will be under you.
 You are a victor.
 A conqueror.
 The Lord says, I will rescue those who love me.


TikTok

 I will protect those who trust in my name.
 God will always rescue you out of situations.
 You're never too deep, too dark in a situation where God can't pull you out of.
 There's always gonna be a way out.
 This is what happens when you dwell with God.
 There will always be a way out.
 You're never just stuck in a situation.
 When they call on me, I will answer.
 I will be with them in trouble.
 When they call on me, I will answer.


TikTok

 God answers the prayers of the righteous.
 He does.
 God says, call on me.
 I will answer.
 I will answer you.
 And sometimes we think God will answer us through maybe an audible voice.
 God will use anything and everything to answer you.
 He spoke to Moses through a burning bush.
 Okay, he spoke to Moses through a tree.
 Because Moses was outside.
 So God will use anything to answer you.


TikTok

 You just have to be in relationships because just because he spoke to you one way, one time doesn't mean he's going to speak to you the same way every time.
 We just have to be aware.
 When you're in relationship with him, you're going to know how he's speaking to you in that time, in that moment.
 It says, I will be with them in trouble.
 I will be with them in trouble.
 So he's not saying trouble's not going to come.
 But you don't gotta be afraid of it.
 You don't got to run from it.
 He's saying, I'm gonna be with you in the trouble.


TikTok

 So the fact that I'm with you into trouble, you're a conqueror.
 There's a way out.
 I will reward them with a long life and give them my salvation.
 I will reward them with the long life, so longevity is a reward.
 It's a reward for being in the kingdom.
 It's the reward for dwelling with God.
 No premature death, but a long, prosperous life, okay?
 And so that's the reward for for being in the kingdom.
 God is saying nothing can stop you.


TikTok

 Everywhere you go, it feels like you have a spotlight on you.
 You can't go anywhere without people noticing you or pay attention or staring.
 And the reason is, because in the spirit realm, you are a celebrity.
 This is a quick message from the universe, chosen one.
 Yo.
 Chosen one, you might be, you might think you have,


TikTok

 you're just an average Joe or average Susan or whatever, right?
 But, Everywhere you go, chosen, it seems as though people stare.
 Right?
 You can't go into stores, you know, kids are staring at you.
 You can't go in the stores without people constantly looking at you and the weirdo always walking around.
 You keep seeing the same people chosen and.


TikTok

 The crazy thing about this, right, when you 1st, you know, realize or when you, when, when that spotlight gets on you and you 1st become this spiritual celebrity that you are chosen, this celebrity in the spirit, It could be nerve-wracking.
 It could be nerve-racking because in a lot of these situations, it may feel as though like, yo.
 You know, Why is motherfuckers staring at me?


TikTok

 Why is people following me?
 And so we've been trained to think negatively and be and be paranoid and fear every fucking thing.
 A lot of times we start getting real hyper paranoid and in fear.
 Well, I'm telling you, chosen one.
 Let me clean that up for you.
 Right?
 Let me show you.
 Let me tell you, you know, you don't have to be in fear, man.
 You know, nobody's going to do anything.
 Nobody's going to touch you or beat you up chosen.


TikTok

 Why everyone is staring at you, why it seems people are following you, while you're being G-stalked, gangstalked, is because...
 You a celebrity.
 Nah, for real.
 you're known across dimensions.
 You're known across realms, chosen.
 See, You're starting to realize that, okay, there's something different about me.


TikTok

 There's something different on how I care myself.
 You're starting to understand that You don't need a crown to make you a king or a queen.
 You're starting to realize that that royalty, that shit is inside of you.
 And chosen one, you've come from spiritual royalty.
 You've come from high dimensional royalty.
 I'm going to say this until I can't say it no more, right?


TikTok

 You're not the body.
 And you know that.
 You're in full control of this body.
 But chosen one...
 You're starting to understand your spiritual celebrity.
 See, I need you to realize, right?
 The what the way that your life has been.
 Since a child chosen.
 It's all because you're the spiritual, you're, you're really somebody in spirit.


TikTok

 See, Ever since you was a kid, man.
 People have known you, you, you, you were something special.
 See, you ain't noticed, right?
 I'm going to tell you something.
 Now you notice as an adult that when you walk outside and you lift your hands up or you look up, the sun, what it do?
 The sun will come through the clouds for you.
 Some of y'all can go outside and just go like this.
 Put your hands up like this.
 Like, uh, the pharaohs or on the tomb of Egypt in Egypt, right?


TikTok

 You see how the pharaoh holding his hands up like that and the sun coming out.
 A lot of y'all got that.
 Like, y'all walk right outside.
 It's shady outside.
 You walk outside, all of a sudden clouds start splitting.
 Sun come right out for you, right?
 See, you're noticing that now, but chosen one, you've had that since a child.
 People have been known that you're somebody in the spirit chosen.
 Because when your grandmother, you want to know where your grandma lays so much, when she sent you outside, she sat back and watched you, and she would see you running and playing in the grass, and she was just see how the sun... And the clouds would open up and that sunlight would just shine right on you, chose to see.


TikTok

 Grandma already knew who you was.
 She knew she might not know who exactly, but she knew you was something or someone.
 Because when the other kids go outside, it don't do all that.
 See, chosen one?
 There's a reason why everywhere that you have went,
 In every level on your life, from elementary to high, to middle, to high school, to college, and to now adulthood, right?
 And everybody doesn't go to college or whatever, right?


TikTok

 But,
 In every level of your life chosen one, you have been the center of attention.
 Even if you're not a party animal, even if you're not the one seeking attention, somehow, things always seem to get on you, Chosen.
 And This is literally because your fucking spiritual celebrities.
 See, chosen one, a lot of people, right?


TikTok

 A lot of people Don't understand how rare it is to be in your presence.
 See, people don't understand standing next to you or riding in the car with you.
 It's like finding a fucking leprechaun.
 At the end of the rainbow.
 It's just shit that doesn't, a lot of people will never get in the pre- being the presence of a chosen one.
 People started to realize how special you are when your presence is gone, but a lot of people don't understand, you know, having a picture of you is like being in a picture with a fucking fairy, a mermaid or something.


TikTok

 Real shit.
 Shows the one unit type motherfucker that are going in the woods looking for fairies and shit and and, and, and, and, and the Fay, and then you see some, because they'll show themselves to you, because they looking at you like,
 I literally got pictures of, of, like, the Fey.
 I put it on one of my old pages.
 I think, you know, a video of like so many, uh, fairies and shit.


TikTok

 And I know it sound crazy, but whatever, man, I don't give a fuck what sounds, what anything sounds like anymore.
 We in the Matrix.
 We're, you know.
 It's a real thing.
 But it's a reason why everybody chosen one everywhere you go is always seems to look at you or stare at you.
 It's because In the spirit realm, chosen, you are a celebrity.
 And we understand that these realms are like this.
 They're mirrors.


TikTok

 You are somebody in the spirit chosen and I think it's time for you to really understand that.
 Chosen one, you've unlocked your reality.
 And now, people from your past can't believe that you are living the life that you live without it being something illegal.
 This is a quick message.
 From the universe.
 Chosen one.
 Amen.
 Isis, I know how you used to get down.


TikTok

 Right?
 I know, you know, it's been a journey for you.
 You know, you've come a long way in life from where you used to be.
 When you look back on things, sometimes you ask yourself,
 Man.
 I, I, how was I alive?
 You know, it almost feels as though you were literally sleepwalking because you remember shit, but you just don't remember life being the way it is now, how you see life now.


TikTok

 And honestly, chosen one, what you did to get where you are?
 You locked in on yourself.
 See, life took you down a path chosen one where it gave you no choice.
 It was either you or them.
 And life puts you in a lot of situations.
 Where you didn't have a choice, you had to choose you.
 Because chosen one, to keep it 100, If you could have chose other people and put, you, you, you used to put so many people before you chosen one.


TikTok

 And see, People from your past, they're used to you doing that.
 That's why you've probably heard people in arguments or people who you don't deal with like you used to, say things like, you know, make you try to feel guilty about leaving them behind or, you know, we flesh and blood and you want to leave us out here like this or, you know, shit, you know, not acknowledging that in the past, you put them before you.


TikTok

 Plenty times.
 And where did it get you?
 Heartache.
 It got you somewhere vulnerable where you almost lost your life.
 Trying to put others before you chose them.
 And see, nobody wants to acknowledge that.
 Nobody wants to give you, uh, Your flowers for what you've done.
 See, a lot of people don't like the new you chose because the new you, you don't give a fuck, man.
 I'm just be real.
 The new you.


TikTok

 You're locked dead.
 You ain't worrying about what the next person's doing.
 You worry about yourself, you and yours.
 And see, they don't like that, chosen one, because these people are used to you putting them before you.
 And so you got a lot of people in your life trying to guilt you, trying to make you feel guilty because you ain't running around, you know?
 You ain't chasing uh, their approval anymore.
 You're simply chasing your own approval.


TikTok

 Chosen one, ever since you started tapping in with you and becoming a better you and trying to really see what life is for you and not what everybody tells you it is.
 You're starting to choose yourself.
 And because you went down that path, you unlocked the kingdom that the Christ was talking about.
 But not only did you unlock it, chosen one, you're seeing it in real time.
 You're understanding it.
 And your life is starting to go ways that you only dreamed of.


TikTok

 See, the thing about you is, though, chosen one, you never gave up on yourself.
 So many people gave up and so many people thought you had given up on yourself because in order for you to be where you are now chosen when you tried a lot of things, man.
 You know, some of you tried to be rappers, singers, sports players, musicians, entertainers.
 You tried a lot of things.
 And you could never find your purpose.
 You could never truly find, and although you were talented at a lot of those things, chosen one, they just wasn't for you.


TikTok

 Now, somebody is, now, there are some people who are out there becoming musicians, entertainers, and things like that, right?
 But you chosen one, this message, you know, You could have been whatever you wanted.
 But you had a greater purpose.
 Chosen one.
 y'all y'all y'all don't understand.
 You know, these musicians and rappers and artists, a lot of y'all look at these people as larger than life.
 But see, these people are still searching for their purpose.


TikTok

 Yeah, they done made 1000000s and 1000000s of dollars on entertainment, but now they want something bigger in life, chosen one.
 See, as people like you that have purposes that nobody will ever expect, your purpose is big.
 But you're the one.
 A lot of people don't, they they don't believe it.
 They still don't believe you.
 They're still doubting you.
 See, a lot of people see you now pulling up in your new cars.


TikTok

 That you've earned legally with your business and they put bad names on you.
 They say, oh, I know that motherfucker still doing such and such.
 Oh, I know she's still doing such and such.
 See, chosen one, people know where your beginnings are.
 See, people, the people from your past, they know the old you, they know how you used to get down and hustle and do what you had to do to make shit happen because that's how you thought life operated.
 See, you ain't understand.
 that life was about attracting.
 You ain't understand that, chosen.


TikTok

 You, you more or less, you, you used to think life was about chasing and hustling and having to go get that shit.
 But see now, You've moved from survival frequency to sovereignty.
 And you ain't chasing no more.
 Everything, you're starting to know how to attract everything.
 You got a lot of people chosen one in your life who see your success and they downplay it.
 They spread rumors, oh, I know that motherfucker's scamming.
 Oh, I know that motherfucker still selling drugs.


TikTok

 Oh, I know that motherfucker still selling.
 It's sad, but it's true.
 And the crazy thing is, chosen one.
 All of these rumors and all of these things are coming about because you no longer want people around you.
 You no longer wish to seek validation of your peers.
 You got a different type of validation.
 You get validation from your home.
 You get validation from you.


TikTok

 You get validation from the world, from your reality.
 The simulation.
 When outcomes happen the way you want to, that is validation for you.
 Every time you accomplish a new goal, that is validation for you, chosen one.
 You have tapped the fuck in.
 I see a lot of people, they don't like that about you.
 See, they're trying to still say that you're living illegally chosen.
 And they want to downplay you like you're some type of criminal or something.


TikTok

 Like, you ain't already gave all your time back to society, like, you ain't already paid for the things that you've done in your past.
 He, they don't understand everything that you've done in your past, the choke, the chosen one Olympics then gave you that karma back.
 All them times you done died, all them times you done been attacked.
 Yeah, that was your karma from what you was doing in the past, chosen.
 You know



Space Spacetime Itself is Constantly "Humming" With Gravitational Wave
:
A viral breakthrough this year confirmed that the entire universe is filled with a low-frequency "background hum" of gravitational waves. This is not a one-off event like two black holes merging. It's a stochastic background—a constant, subtle ocean of ripples (seen left, visualizing spacetime as a distorted fabric) physically washing over Earth. This hum is believed to be caused by the combined signal of millions of supermassive black hole binaries merging throughout cosmic history. We just didn't have a sensitive enough "ear" until now. This discovery fundamentally proves the universe is an active, dynamic, and connected web, constantly rippling with the echoes of ancient, colossal cosmic violence #facts #nasa #galaxy #universe #space
“There is therefore now no condemnation to them which are in Christ Jesus, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus hath made me free from the law of sin and death. For what the law could not do, in that it was weak through the flesh, God sending his own Son in the likeness of sinful flesh, and for sin, condemned sin in the flesh: that the righteousness of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit. For they that are after the flesh do mind the things of the flesh; but they that are after the Spirit the things of the Spirit. But if the Spirit of him that raised up Jesus from the dead dwell in you, he that raised up Christ from the dead shall also quicken your mortal bodies by his Spirit that dwelleth in you.”
‭‭Romans‬ ‭8‬:‭1‬-‭5‬, ‭11‬ ‭KJV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/1/rom.8.1-5.KJV
Today, we're launching “Farseer,” a multi-phase initiative designed to transition mature quantum sensing and timing technologies directly to the Joint Force.

Farseer seeks innovative commercial solutions to prototype and demonstrate advanced, quantum-enabled sensing and timing platforms to address warfighter needs. It is structured across four primary Lines of Effort (LoE), each focused on critical mission use cases:

- Magnetometers

- Gravimeters

- Portable clocks, and

- Component technologies for spiral enhancements to quantum sensing and timing solutions.

This project represents a fundamental shift away from the limitations of classical Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance (ISR) sensors. By harnessing the unique properties of quantum physics, this project is set to shatter the longstanding "sensitivity-SWaP" (Size, Weight, and Power) trade-off, unlocking unprecedented situational awareness for aerial, surface, and subsurface missions in the electromagnetically contested world.

“The United States Department of War must accelerate deployment and commercialization of quantum sensing  to maintain superiority of knowledge of the battle space, speed of decision, and operational dominance,” said Kyle Norman, who leads DIU's quantum sensing team.

Learn more: war.gov/News/Releases/…

Submit a solution here (due 10 July at 11:59:59 p.m. Eastern Time): diu.mil/work-with-us/s….
The intelligence community has covered up the nature and classification of the MKULTRA experiments for decades. 

Americans have been misdirected repeatedly and deserve transparency and accountability from the CIA. The intel community’s unwillingness to deliver the truth has fueled dangerous conspiracy theories and eroded public trust in the federal government. 

This hearing aims to explore the history of the MKULTRA experiments, how they have impacted Americans’ wellbeing, and how the intelligence community can win back trust.
🚨 A HYDROGEN FUEL CELL SUBMARINE DRONE JUST ACHIEVED WHAT BATTERY-POWERED AUVs HAVE FAILED AT FOR 15 YEARS LONG ENDURANCE, DEEP DEPTH, AND ACOUSTIC STEALTH ALL AT ONCE.

The Envoy AUV from Cellula Robotics completed a fully submerged mission covering 2,023 km over 385 hours. Crucially, it did this with a realistic, punishing profile: more than 4,000 turns and maneuvers, not a simple straight-line test. It also operates at depths up to 3,000 meters and produces almost no acoustic signature.

Powered by proton exchange membrane (PEM) hydrogen fuel cells, the only byproduct is water. This breaks the long-standing trade-off in autonomous underwater vehicle design where improving one capability (range, depth, or stealth) usually destroys the others.

Why this matters:

• Battery AUVs have been fundamentally limited by energy density adding more batteries increases weight and drag, which cancels out the gains
• Hydrogen fuel cells deliver more than twice the energy density of lithium-ion batteries while enabling true long-endurance missions without frequent surfacing
• The vehicle can loiter on the seabed using a suction anchor for days or weeks, dramatically changing operational concepts for pipeline inspection, cable monitoring, and naval surveillance
• It is already in the hands of Defence Research and Development Canada

The deeper implication:

This is more than just an impressive endurance record. It represents a genuine shift in what is possible for persistent, covert subsea operations. For navies and offshore industries that have spent years compromising between mission duration, depth capability, and detectability, hydrogen fuel cells are now offering a practical way to stop making those trade-offs.

As these systems mature and scale, we could see a new generation of autonomous underwater platforms that operate for weeks or months with minimal support fundamentally changing how we monitor critical infrastructure, conduct scientific surveys, and maintain undersea awareness.

How do you think hydrogen-powered AUVs will change subsea operations compared to today’s battery-limited systems?

Follow for more frontier robotics, energy, and defense technology.
I told shawty that I got to go my own way
There’s enough of people doubting me that don’t say it 
Got a birdie on my shoulder and he’s motivated
Unshaken by the nature of the ones who made him
You know who I am I’ve always stayed the same 
Playing this unpredictable game taking all these shots with compound interest for my exponential gain. 
I still battle pain. 
Try put me in a box I let them lock me in a cage. 
It’s not whatever I want, but I don’t want to rage. 
If I told you 100 times then it’s not going to change.
We’re saying the same thing and we deserve to be sane. 
Say it couldn’t be done but I know we are babe. 


 
TikTok

Everybody shattered.
 Now and they naked.
 Everybody



TikTok

Everybody shattered.
 Now and they naked.
 Everybody naked now.
 If images is still going, it's because they just wanted to go, but everybody will.
 Ain't nobody sleep no more.
 Chosen, you knew better than that.
 Good job.
 And now we here to blow up any other wicked environment.


TikTok

 'Cause images must come down.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Look, you might as well accept it and embrace it.
 You don't have fit in energy.
 Like,



TikTok

Everybody shattered.
 Now and they naked.
 Everybody naked now.
 If images is still going, it's because they just wanted to go, but everybody will.
 Ain't nobody sleep no more.
 Chosen, you knew better than that.
 Good job.
 And now we here to blow up any other wicked environment.


TikTok

 'Cause images must come down.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Look, you might as well accept it and embrace it.
 You don't have fit in energy.
 Like, you have a way of introducing people to vibes, experiences, and possibilities that they probably would have never discovered on their own.
 Well, it's a different way to think, a different way to dress, a new standard, a new food, a new city.
 You might even show some people a different way to be loved.
 Look, there's some people you've shown them a version of themselves that no one has ever pointed out to them.


TikTok

 And sure, there's going to be some that say, nah, I did all that on my own.
 That



could understand his most important works without the aid of the Greek.
The Apology, giving Plato’s report of the memorable Defence which he had heard fronvhis master's lips in the Athenian court, shows the eccentric but sturdy inde¬ pendence of Socrates, the inflexible resolution with which he executed what he believed to be a divine command and the calm fearlessness with which he announced to the court that he should obey God rather than man, and that no human power should compel him to desert his post. It‘also gives aq amusing account of the manner in which Socrates went about his work of exposing igno¬ rance and convicting imposture. The Crito gives us an opposite, but no less striking, view of the character of Socrates, showing the real respect for the laws and in¬ stitutions of his country which he felt under all his defiant independence. It contains the eloquent argu¬ ment in which he scornfully refuses to insult the author¬ ity of the state, under the protection of which he had lived, by escaping through flight from the execution ol even an unjust sentence, especially when all that could be gained by such an ignominious act would be a short prolongation of an almost finished life. These two dis¬ courses thus exhibit Socrates as equally stubborn in up¬ holding the supremacy of duty above all human power, and in recognizing the supremacy of law above all per¬ sonal considerations and even above life itself; he is, moreover, in Amtrast to many later martyrs, both willing and determined to die in defence of either of these posi¬ tions. In the I’haedo we have the affecting narrative of ! the closing scene in the life of Socrates, with the convcri sation on the soul and immortality which Plato represents | him as holding with his friends during the few last hours
TikTok

Everybody shattered.
 Now and they naked.
 Everybody naked now.
 If images is still going, it's because they just wanted to go, but everybody will.
 Ain't nobody sleep no more.
 Chosen, you knew better than that.
 Good job.
 And now we here to blow up any other wicked environment.


TikTok

 'Cause images must come down.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Look, you might as well accept it and embrace it.
 You don't have fit in energy.
 Like, you have a way of introducing people to vibes, experiences, and possibilities that they probably would have never discovered on their own.
 Well, it's a different way to think, a different way to dress, a new standard, a new food, a new city.
 You might even show some people a different way to be loved.
 Look, there's some people you've shown them a version of themselves that no one has ever pointed out to them.


TikTok

 And sure, there's going to be some that say, nah, I did all that on my own.
 That's a different conversation.
 But yeah, most people never forget you.
 Even when they leave your life, they leave seeing the world a little different than they did before they met you.
 So yeah, leave the fit into somebody else.
 Keep being you. And like, always, let's go.
 If you can understand this video, your English is at an A2 level.
 What's your English level?
 Say something in English for me.


TikTok

 And sometimes you got to pop out and show niggas.
 Like Kendrick Lamar said, you hear me?
 Sometimes you,
 Really just got to pop out and show niggas like talking is only going to do so much.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You can only get your point across with so much verbal communication.
 nigga.
 Sometimes you really just got to pop out and show niggas what it is.
 You feel me?
 Real spilled and you're gonna have to lead them with the long face sometimes.
 Because people don't be believing.
 See, they be thinking the shit that you be saying, that they be thinking the visions that you be having be make believe or something.
 See, they don't understand that connection that you got with the most.
 I, but you do, though.
 But you do.
 So that's why when you go talk to them, it's like, what the fuck, you feel me?


TikTok

 But when they come talk to you, it's like, what the fuck is y'all both are?
 You feel me torn apart from each other?
 The fact that you are so connected to source, nigga.
 You feel me?
 So you literally have to balance working with human energy.
 What is we talking about?
 People don't got that connection to God like that.
 Folks would be really stuck in a physical form, nigga, so that's all they could see.
 You feel me?
 So until you physically do it, they don't believe none that you got going on. Until you physically achieve some shit, nigga, they not gonna never give you your flowers.
 You know what I'm saying?
 That's what you got to understand, family.
 These folks not stuck in the spiritual.


TikTok

 They stuck in the physical, nigga.
 So that's all they could see.
 Whoever you are, I just want to salute you, baby.
 When I say you have something in you that not many people have.
 And Spirit has literally instilled a power within you that will not just change your life, but it's going to help change the world.
 You are meant to impact people, nations, in some type of way.


TikTok

 And I feel like what you think you're going to be doing in the future is way more advanced, baby.
 It's way more advanced than what you realize.
 You're gifted.
 That's all I got to say.
 Literally, gift is on the bottom of the deck here.
 We have leadership, guidance, and treasure.
 There's something deep within you.
 And I feel like you have been overlooked for so long. And the thing that God is about to bring out of you, not many people would have thought that you had in you.


TikTok

 You are meant to be a leader.
 You are meant to be a leader.
 For a lot of you, your voice does hold power.
 You do motivate enlighten and awaken others to help themselves and to go after their dreams as well and to live within their divine purpose, you know, and for others, you are some type of mentor, you know, you're going to be giving guidance in some type of way here.
 You know, and some of you, you could be seeking guidance as well in regards to learning more about this gift that's in you.


TikTok

 And I feel like your gifts are just going to enhance even more baby.
 The money is gonna come.
 That's all I gotta say.
 I feel like the main thing now that spirit wants you to focus on, it's just your purpose in healing.
 Continuing to heal your body, your mind, your soul, continuing to strengthen that relationship with God, the divine, because as you grow, baby, different levels, different devils.


TikTok

 And I feel like you being more spiritually mature and spiritually enlightened is going to help you get through anything that's thrown at you.
 You know, I'm telling you, like, You are meant to do some good things.
 For a lot of you, I'm talking to some millionaires here.
 You know, like, you are literally the blueprint.
 You have the key to changing the whole trajectory of your life in others.
 It's so big.
 It's so big and spirit is like, take your life more seriously because the plan I have over you, I am not gonna motherfucking cap by this, bitch, boy.


TikTok

 That motherfucking mouth you got?
 That shit too motherfucking loose and slick out this motherfucker.
 Yo ass know what the fuck I meant.
 Overstand is ashe, man.
 Yo ass can literally rip people apart by how witty your ass can get, goddamn.
 And I'm talking about these motherfucking responses be so overly thought out and sharp out this bitch.
 Whoever is on the other end of that motherfucking shit is only gonna perceive it in the most.
 what's the word?
 Mundane way out of it.
 With me being the emotions, Phil offended or goddamn automatically no?
 God damn, they can't fuck with your ass again.


TikTok

 We don't have a fucking problem goddamn checking anybody about this bitch.
 You fit it this?
 Because your ass is always walking with the motherfucking divine and only move through your motherfucking heart shot.
 You have no motherfucking ego.
 You fit to dig, and you know when it's your energy, that's off, or the people around you, who energy is off.
 People don't really understand that you never just blow up and just react out to the fish.
 There is always a certain amount of boundaries that somebody crosses before you actually get witty and on their ass.
 Most of the time, they can't even see where the fucking conversation went south to fucking beginning. When your ass start hitting them with the motherfucking daggers, they instantly start getting in their feelings and their emotions and start wanting to play victim now.


TikTok

 Forgetting, it was their ass who motherfucking overstepped their motherfucking boundaries. And your ass can't wait till a motherfucker got there, hit your ass with a slick, undermining tone out this bitch.
 Oh yeah, y'all have to get an instant restroom.
 That shit, goddamn it.
 You know, right there in that instant, y'all has got the green light to bring out that elite slit talking and flame their ass up out this bitch.
 You know, if anybody bring that type of energy you're with, that they truly deserve, what's about to hit their ass? Because I'm pretty sure you gave off numerous signals before it was time to shine your light.


TikTok

 I say...
 People are very... upset.
 with you, that you will not give in, give them what they want.
 You are making someone feel powerless.
 because of the way that you have called back your own power.
 There were unexpected events unfolding that are leaving.


TikTok

 People that really counted you out feeling trapped, they're now in the energy of feeling trapped.
 You could foresee... these events, unfolding.
 And in some way, yeah, here's that group.
 In some way, you spoke out about this.
 These people, more of this energy that Spirit was showing me last night, that celebrated early. Again, because you were trapped, there's just this... cycle.


TikTok

 that has been allowed to play all the way through.
 And it's like spirit showing me that you were the black sheep energy in your family.
 You were the one that, this group...
 Hmm.
 The moon and the emperor... believed a lot of illusions about.
 They thought you were the safe one to... harvest their new beginning off of, okay?


TikTok

 And as this cycle has been allowed to continue all the way through, God has used it wasting nothing, says spirit.
 of what was revealed.
 Wow, wow, wow.
 There's this conflict here.
 Major conflict with this 5 of swords, arguments, hostility, bullying, and intimidation.
 Between this king of wands, fire sign, masculine energy. And this king of pinnacles, Earth sign, masculine, energy.


TikTok

 And it was all about this ace of wands, this new beginning, about who was going to... be able to lead and have the creative licensing, really, is kind of what I'm seeing with that.
 Interesting.
 Thank you, spirit.
 you' moving



TikTok

That matches on the card.
 Hi, welcome in.
 Welcome and hope you enjoy.
 And these cards are, like, not in order because I was all with them around, and then all the cars are spelled out, so I just picked them up and just come in there, container, so hopefully.
 I believe they're not all over the place.
 I'm glad you have, I'm enjoying because I do come every time.


TikTok

 Okay.
 One, two, three, spot it.
 Thank you, Lindsay. Thank you, thank you.
 Yes, the answer is the heart.
 Okay.
 To dismatch.


TikTok

 Nope.
 I gotta put these to the...
 I mean, can you imagine that, that these weirdos, wicked witches and warlocks, did not know who they was fucking with?
 They was actually messing with, uh, uh, bigger than the mafia.
 Daughter and son.
 Someone bigger than creation.
 Daughter and sons.
 And they was doing all kinds of things.


TikTok

 Some of us got raped, some of us got, um, stolen from, all sorts of stuff, murdered.
 Some of us was, you know, cameras in your house, all kinds of stuff.
 Killed some of your children murdered, tried to.
 They put witchcraft voodoo, hoodoo on all of us, all kind of stuff to get us to act out of character and they want sympathy?
 I don't think so.
 They they done sealed their fates.
 That's what they have done.
 They had a clean sled at first.


TikTok

 Now it's not.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
 Hey, some people don't get it.
 Some people don't get it.
 Hey, once you get to that point to where, hey, you start letting people know about you?
 Like, hey, hey, hey, hey.
 Hey, you got me fucked up.
 Once those words come out of your mouth, ooh, ooh, it's on den.
 It's owned then.
 Yeah, drop it down in the comment section, family.
 Once those words come out of my mouth, it's owned in.


TikTok

 Ooh, talk because some people need to hear it.
 Some people need those words.
 Yeah, sometimes you got to let those words out.
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hold on, hold on, hold on.
 Let me, let me, let me let you in on something.
 Hey, you got me fucked up, fam.
 Yeah, you got me fucked up.
 Yeah, you got me fucked.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We got to let folks know, hey, hey, take that stuff over there because you got the wrong one, fam.
 Yeah, you barking up the wrong tree, fam.
 Yeah, you got me all the way fucked up, fam.
 Nah, nah, nah.


TikTok

 I don't even indulge in that type of activity, fam.
 Yeah, you got the wrong one, fam.
 Huh?
 Yeah, I'm trying to let them know right now.
 Yeah.
 They got me fucked up.
 Yeah, make sure you like this post and make sure you share.
 Hey, and do remind people and do know that, hey.
 Hey, you got me fucked.
 You better go on on.
 I'm trying to warn you, damn.
 Hey, I'm trying to warn you, you know what I'm saying?
 I'm smiling and showing my teeth.


TikTok

 But that doesn't really mean I'm happy, fam.
 Yeah, because you got me fucked up.
 Huh?
 Yeah, get off around here, fam.
 Just fuck around here, pam, because they got me fucked up.
 Ooh, ooh.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
 Mission, the divine mission, and they were they're being called.
 So if you're feeling like you're being called in a specific direction, if you're working a job and you're feeling called in a different career, or you are feeling like, hey, it's entrepreneurship time.


TikTok

 I'm really doing this thing now.
 Guess what came out?
 Perfect timing.
 As I speak, these cards actually follow.
 Spirit is doing that, right?
 The universe is like, let's move this card out so they can believe what mission, the divine. Free insight.
 Free Rashad, Jamal, nigga, you hear me, bro, blow got the whole planet hot right now.
 He got niggas really in their feelings behind this shit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Real spiel.
 Like, and I don't be hearing nothing that you niggas be talking about.
 I swear to God I don't.


TikTok

 Like, I don't really care what you niggas talking.
 none of that.
 You feel me?
 Real still.
 A lot of you niggas ain't had enough to even say shit to bro when he was around here around this bitch, because they know, bro, literally come to your say, your city and punch you down, nigga.
 or do whatever you want to do.
 You feel me for?
 We not limited to nothing.
 We warriors in every form, nigga, but free divine insight, free to God, bro.
 They got documentaries.
 All types of shit coming.
 They won't let the god be like, this shit real, bro.
 You feel me, bro?
 Really did that shit that he was coming to say like, bro, just look at it.
 He's already in jail.
 What is this still going on for?


TikTok

 You feel me?
 nigga
 This is literally the only profit to come where I see where niggas is already in car incarcerated.
 and they still got the, they,
 You know, Elijah Muhammad, you know, participating in sex trafficking, and, and, Were. Still attacked. Okay.
 and free insight.
 Okay, you make people confront their own limitation.


TikTok

 I'm picking up mustache.
 I'm picking up real life miracle.
 Uh, I hate to say this one because this is a direct copy of somebody that said something.
 I'll put it in my own words.
 The truth is observed and never, um, Explained.
 I'm picking up new you, and how y'all gonna try to take the technology away?
 What happened to TikTok?
 I'm picking up when the big picture reveals itself, it'll be the greatest story ever told.


TikTok

 I'm picking up a big celebration and then a good release of energy.
 And that's all for now, collective, until we, uh, fine tune the machine.
 Like I said, that goes back to people who are in their devil energy.



TikTok

That matches on the card.
 Hi, welcome in.
 Welcome and hope you enjoy.
 And these cards are, like, not in order because I was all with them around, and then all the cars are spelled out, so I just picked them up and just come in there, container, so hopefully.
 I believe they're not all over the place.
 I'm glad you have, I'm enjoying because I do come every time.


TikTok

 Okay.
 One, two, three, spot it.
 Thank you, Lindsay. Thank you, thank you.
 Yes, the answer is the heart.
 Okay.
 To dismatch.


TikTok

 Nope.
 I gotta put these to the...
 I mean, can you imagine that, that these weirdos, wicked witches and warlocks, did not know who they was fucking with?
 They was actually messing with, uh, uh, bigger than the mafia.
 Daughter and son.
 Someone bigger than creation.
 Daughter and sons.
 And they was doing all kinds of things.


TikTok

 Some of us got raped, some of us got, um, stolen from, all sorts of stuff, murdered.
 Some of us was, you know, cameras in your house, all kinds of stuff.
 Killed some of your children murdered, tried to.
 They put witchcraft voodoo, hoodoo on all of us, all kind of stuff to get us to act out of character and they want sympathy?
 I don't think so.
 They they done sealed their fates.
 That's what they have done.
 They had a clean sled at first.


TikTok

 Now it's not.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on.
 Hey, some people don't get it.
 Some people don't get it.
 Hey, once you get to that point to where, hey, you start letting people know about you?
 Like, hey, hey, hey, hey.
 Hey, you got me fucked up.
 Once those words come out of your mouth, ooh, ooh, it's on den.
 It's owned then.
 Yeah, drop it down in the comment section, family.
 Once those words come out of my mouth, it's owned in.


TikTok

 Ooh, talk because some people need to hear it.
 Some people need those words.
 Yeah, sometimes you got to let those words out.
 Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hold on, hold on, hold on.
 Let me, let me, let me let you in on something.
 Hey, you got me fucked up, fam.
 Yeah, you got me fucked up.
 Yeah, you got me fucked.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 We got to let folks know, hey, hey, take that stuff over there because you got the wrong one, fam.
 Yeah, you barking up the wrong tree, fam.
 Yeah, you got me all the way fucked up, fam.
 Nah, nah, nah.


TikTok

 I don't even indulge in that type of activity, fam.
 Yeah, you got the wrong one, fam.
 Huh?
 Yeah, I'm trying to let them know right now.
 Yeah.
 They got me fucked up.
 Yeah, make sure you like this post and make sure you share.
 Hey, and do remind people and do know that, hey.
 Hey, you got me fucked.
 You better go on on.
 I'm trying to warn you, damn.
 Hey, I'm trying to warn you, you know what I'm saying?
 I'm smiling and showing my teeth.


TikTok

 But that doesn't really mean I'm happy, fam.
 Yeah, because you got me fucked up.
 Huh?
 Yeah, get off around here, fam.
 Just fuck around here, pam, because they got me fucked up.
 Ooh, ooh.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
 Mission, the divine mission, and they were they're being called.
 So if you're feeling like you're being called in a specific direction, if you're working a job and you're feeling called in a different career, or you are feeling like, hey, it's entrepreneurship time.


TikTok

 I'm really doing this thing now.
 Guess what came out?
 Perfect timing.
 As I speak, these cards actually follow.
 Spirit is doing that, right?
 The universe is like, let's move this card out so they can believe what mission, the divine. Free insight.
 Free Rashad, Jamal, nigga, you hear me, bro, blow got the whole planet hot right now.
 He got niggas really in their feelings behind this shit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Real spiel.
 Like, and I don't be hearing nothing that you niggas be talking about.
 I swear to God I don't.


TikTok

 Like, I don't really care what you niggas talking.
 none of that.
 You feel me?
 Real still.
 A lot of you niggas ain't had enough to even say shit to bro when he was around here around this bitch, because they know, bro, literally come to your say, your city and punch you down, nigga.
 or do whatever you want to do.
 You feel me for?
 We not limited to nothing.
 We warriors in every form, nigga, but free divine insight, free to God, bro.
 They got documentaries.
 All types of shit coming.
 They won't let the god be like, this shit real, bro.
 You feel me, bro?
 Really did that shit that he was coming to say like, bro, just look at it.
 He's already in jail.
 What is this still going on for?


TikTok

 You feel me?
 nigga
 This is literally the only profit to come where I see where niggas is already in car incarcerated.
 and they still got the, they,
 You know, Elijah Muhammad, you know, participating in sex trafficking, and, and, Were. Still attacked. Okay.
 and free insight.
 Okay, you make people confront their own limitation.


TikTok

 I'm picking up mustache.
 I'm picking up real life miracle.
 Uh, I hate to say this one because this is a direct copy of somebody that said something.
 I'll put it in my own words.
 The truth is observed and never, um, Explained.
 I'm picking up new you, and how y'all gonna try to take the technology away?
 What happened to TikTok?
 I'm picking up when the big picture reveals itself, it'll be the greatest story ever told.


TikTok

 I'm picking up a big celebration and then a good release of energy.
 And that's all for now, collective, until we, uh, fine tune the machine.
 Like I said, that goes back to people who are in their devil energy.


TikTok

I'm picking up a mustache.
 I'm picking up real life miracle.
 Uh, I hate to say this one.
 Like, you come around and you cast that out or you're casting that out of,
 Then, okay, we have



import clipboard, console, os, random

# CONFIGURATION
FILE = 'Prophecy_Archive.txt'
JOURNAL = 'Synthesis_Journal.txt'

def record():
    text = clipboard.get()
    if not text: return
    with open(FILE, 'a', encoding='utf-8') as f: 
        f.write(text + "\n")
    console.hud_alert("Captured")

def synthesize():
    if not os.path.exists(FILE): 
        print("Archive void.")
        return
    
    with open(FILE, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as f: 
        # Deduplication applied here
        lines = list(set(l.strip() for l in f if l.strip()))
    
    if len(lines) < 2: 
        print("Insufficient data.")
        return
    
    a, b = random.sample(lines, 2)
    synthesis = f"{a} {b}"
    
    print(f"\n--- NEW SYNTHESIS ---\n{synthesis}\n---------------------\n")
    
    # Expansion: Logging the output
    with open(JOURNAL, 'a', encoding='utf-8') as j:
        j.write(synthesis + "\n")

if __name__ == '__main__':
    action = console.alert("Prophecy Oracle", "Select Operation", "Record", "Synthesize")
    if action == 1: 
        record()
    elif action == 2: 
        synthesize()

TikTok Or have Scorpio energy aspected in your natal chart, the moon is currently in Scorpio. The sun is in cancer at this time here, but you represent shift And not everybody can handle that. Not everybody can get through this energy here. Like, it takes great strength that you carry. We have the night of wands. All right, Leo energy. You're forcing people to see what they've been avoiding. TikTok All right, with this Leo energy here. as well as the 7 of swords. Okay? Aquarius Energy. I feel like, especially with the night of wands, you represent this freedom. that others themselves, they don't know how to claim. You know what I mean? You'd be surprised at how many people are caged birds. You ever heard that saying too many birds on the ground? TikTok Not enough in the sky. You're one of the ones in the sky or surrounded by all these other birds, bird brains on the ground. Like it is what it is. Queen of pinnacles. All right, this is Capricorn Energy here. With this energy, your confidence, it makes others question themselves. You know what I mean? It's like you are breaking unspoken rules without even trying. is the type of energy, like the way that you are coming off, and that may be offensive to others, because, hell, they're trying, or like I said, they trying for a shortcut, you know what I mean? Here. TikTok It's like your authenticity is intimidating the inauthentic. That hurt anybody's feelings. You got people feeling like pages out here with the page of cups. Ain't void wrong with a page. You know what I'm saying? Like getting started with something, everybody doesn't start out in the big leagues. All right? Well, we have the page of pinnacles, but you have to crawl before you walk. know that. And that's what you're showing people, you know what I mean? That's what people are seeing in you. So that's a lot of reason to talk about you. TikTok You know what I mean? You challenge people's entire way of thinking. You know what I mean? Where they thought they were getting somewhere, they find out that they're really not getting much of anywhere when you walk through the door. And this is the 5 of pinnacles, which is tourist energy here. Like you represent the horizon that they didn't see coming. You make pretending impossible is the type of energy that you're giving off here in this spread, y'all. TikTok Like people feel pressured just by watching you. Hmm. That's interesting, okay? You represent possibilities, I feel like, especially with this queen of pinnacles and this depth energy here, you represent possibilities. That people have tried to convince themselves. Don't exist. That was deep. All right, I'm gonna leave this reading here, y'all. Hit that like and subscribe button for more messages from me. TikTok I'll catch you later. Ciao, you awesome one you. You are so inspiring. There's void you don't lack and you're starting to be recognized more and more for it. I said, well, I said, you're starting to be recognized more and more for how inspiring you are, your grace, your dignity, the way you move through life, your self-respect, your values, okay? You are really inspiring other people and it's not just like the quality of your character. Like, that kind of goes without question. TikTok I kind of get like, you've got a reputation for that anyway, just having a really strong character. But, You have been able to create a beautiful life and not necessarily like be like the richest person in the world or like the most successful, but still, you have this beautiful life and it continues to grow and get more beautiful and you continue to grow and get more beautiful. People are like, dang, are you aging backwards? Like what's going on? Like, what, like, people kind of want to know your secret. TikTok Okay? Like not, it's inspiration, but they're also like, well, what are you doing? Like, give me the list. Like, what are the supplements that I can take? What books are you reading? Like, what's your routine? People are wanting to know what's going on because you're, You're like getting to this point of you're unrecognizable. Like, as much as I see how much you've changed and like what you're doing, you're like unrecognizable to versions of yourself that you were in the past when you were kind of on the level with everybody. You know, like when we're everyone's coming up, you're kind of like on a level with everyone and all of a sudden you're just like, Collective, is this person out there that really, really like your vibe? TikTok They like your smile, they like your body, the way it's built. They like your mind, the way you think, you know, they like the way you show up in the world. They like what you do for work. You know what I'm saying? They like how you get your money. They like how they like how you talk, bro. They really like the concept you be bringing the ideas. They really like that. They like how you show up for them and other people. Like, they really pay attention to that, how, how you be showing up in different places and different altitudes, you know what I'm saying? Altitudes, you know? But the way you be showing up for people, the things you do for people, the way you encourage people and uplift people, the way how you be loving on them, like they just want to love on you as much as they that you loving on them. TikTok They want to show you all the support that you're showing them. Like, maybe it's some type of give back thing, you know? Like, let me just give back some of the love that he gave me, you know, like he been, she been showing up for me since forever, bro. The least I can do is get my cousin money. At least I can do is give my cousin this or that, you feel me? and show up for you because it's like, because you ain't not saying you didn't have to, but you go out your way for people that you don't even got to go out your way for, but I feel like, doesn't that what God does? God, go out his way for people, for his people. God is not stingy. Satan's stingy. Satan is motherfucking. TikTok He's a, he's a, Satan is a motherfucking. he an industry plant. He plants people where they need to be right then and there. You know, God doesn't plant nobody. Whoever show up, that's who show up. You know what I'm saying? God doesn't, oh, I'm only selecting this person. God don't do that. God select everybody. You feel me?
TikTok Or have Scorpio energy aspected in your natal chart, the moon is currently in Scorpio. The sun is in cancer at this time here, but you represent shift And not everybody can handle that. Not everybody can get through this energy here. Like, it takes great strength that you carry. We have the night of wands. All right, Leo energy. You're forcing people to see what they've been avoiding. TikTok All right, with this Leo energy here. as well as the 7 of swords. Okay? Aquarius Energy. I feel like, especially with the night of wands, you represent this freedom. that others themselves, they don't know how to claim. You know what I mean? You'd be surprised at how many people are caged birds. You ever heard that saying too many birds on the ground? TikTok Not enough in the sky. You're one of the ones in the sky or surrounded by all these other birds, bird brains on the ground. Like it is what it is. Queen of pinnacles. All right, this is Capricorn Energy here. With this energy, your confidence, it makes others question themselves. You know what I mean? It's like you are breaking unspoken rules without even trying. is the type of energy, like the way that you are coming off, and that may be offensive to others, because, hell, they're trying, or like I said, they trying for a shortcut, you know what I mean? Here. TikTok It's like your authenticity is intimidating the inauthentic. That hurt anybody's feelings. You got people feeling like pages out here with the page of cups. Ain't void wrong with a page. You know what I'm saying? Like getting started with something, everybody doesn't start out in the big leagues. All right? Well, we have the page of pinnacles, but you have to crawl before you walk. know that. And that's what you're showing people, you know what I mean? That's what people are seeing in you. So that's a lot of reason to talk about you. TikTok You know what I mean? You challenge people's entire way of thinking. You know what I mean? Where they thought they were getting somewhere, they find out that they're really not getting much of anywhere when you walk through the door. And this is the 5 of pinnacles, which is tourist energy here. Like you represent the horizon that they didn't see coming. You make pretending impossible is the type of energy that you're giving off here in this spread, y'all. TikTok Like people feel pressured just by watching you. Hmm. That's interesting, okay? You represent possibilities, I feel like, especially with this queen of pinnacles and this depth energy here, you represent possibilities. That people have tried to convince themselves. Don't exist. That was deep. All right, I'm gonna leave this reading here, y'all. Hit that like and subscribe button for more messages from me. TikTok I'll catch you later. Ciao, you awesome one you. You are so inspiring. There's void you don't lack and you're starting to be recognized more and more for it. I said, well, I said, you're starting to be recognized more and more for how inspiring you are, your grace, your dignity, the way you move through life, your self-respect, your values, okay? You are really inspiring other people and it's not just like the quality of your character. Like, that kind of goes without question. TikTok I kind of get like, you've got a reputation for that anyway, just having a really strong character. But, You have been able to create a beautiful life and not necessarily like be like the richest person in the world or like the most successful, but still, you have this beautiful life and it continues to grow and get more beautiful and you continue to grow and get more beautiful. People are like, dang, are you aging backwards? Like what's going on? Like, what, like, people kind of want to know your secret. TikTok Okay? Like not, it's inspiration, but they're also like, well, what are you doing? Like, give me the list. Like, what are the supplements that I can take? What books are you reading? Like, what's your routine? People are wanting to know what's going on because you're, You're like getting to this point of you're unrecognizable. Like, as much as I see how much you've changed and like what you're doing, you're like unrecognizable to versions of yourself that you were in the past when you were kind of on the level with everybody. You know, like when we're everyone's coming up, you're kind of like on a level with everyone and all of a sudden you're just like, Collective, is this person out there that really, really like your vibe? TikTok They like your smile, they like your body, the way it's built. They like your mind, the way you think, you know, they like the way you show up in the world. They like what you do for work. You know what I'm saying? They like how you get your money. They like how they like how you talk, bro. They really like the concept you be bringing the ideas. They really like that. They like how you show up for them and other people. Like, they really pay attention to that, how, how you be showing up in different places and different altitudes, you know what I'm saying? Altitudes, you know? But the way you be showing up for people, the things you do for people, the way you encourage people and uplift people, the way how you be loving on them, like they just want to love on you as much as they that you loving on them. TikTok They want to show you all the support that you're showing them. Like, maybe it's some type of give back thing, you know? Like, let me just give back some of the love that he gave me, you know, like he been, she been showing up for me since forever, bro. The least I can do is get my cousin money. At least I can do is give my cousin this or that, you feel me? and show up for you because it's like, because you ain't not saying you didn't have to, but you go out your way for people that you don't even got to go out your way for, but I feel like, doesn't that what God does? God, go out his way for people, for his people. God is not stingy. Satan's stingy. Satan is motherfucking. TikTok He's a, he's a, Satan is a motherfucking. he an industry plant. He plants people where they need to be right then and there. You know, God doesn't plant nobody. Whoever show up, that's who show up. You know what I'm saying? God doesn't, oh, I'm only selecting this person. God don't do that. God select everybody. You feel me? You willing to work and collide with everybody. You willing to connect with everybody, but everybody just don't got that right spirit. That doesn't mean you won't get around, niggas, but it's like, it'll make you like, yeah, I'm out of here. the ball, again, you feel me? Like you're not even about to stay too long. Because how can I? TikTok Because, like, I feel like you are too authentic to even allow, like, yo, bro, what's yo, why your energy feeling so funny right now? Gang, I feel like you will say some shit like that. You definitely will like, yo, bro. Go again, you want some bullshit, cuz. You feel me? But I feel like maybe they fuck with that because they don't have people around them telling them they on bullshit. Maybe this is why they stay far away from you. And they stay with their little group because you're different from their group. You don't talk how they group talk, you know, you do different things, you talk differently. You walk differently. You smell differently. That doesn't mean you stink. That doesn't mean you want crazy or something, but you just have a different bop, a different, you know what I'm saying? TikTok Like you got a different swagger to you. That's what this girl like about you. Or ladies, this is what he liked about you. You know what I'm saying? Like, he be noticing all the other girls be walking hardest out, trying to switch and sweaty, they waist and shit. You don't be doing none of that. know what I'm saying? You know, up here trying to shake your titties all the time. You be on some regular shit. You feel me? He like that. He like how you always stay with your hair done and shit like that, how your lips are so perfect. He be saying your lips is like amazing. You feel what I'm saying? Like he always looking at your lips. But listen, it's just they really like how you, they really like everything about you. TikTok They literally interested in every day you do. Like, I don't know how to explain it. They just, they are so curious about your life and how you do things and like that's really how you do it. Like, but why? And then once you tell them why, they be like, oh, that actually makes sense because that is nasty. and this is why you do it like that, I
TikTok

 Or have Scorpio energy aspected in your natal chart, the moon is currently in Scorpio.
 The sun is in cancer at this time here, but you represent change.
 And not everybody can handle that.
 Not everybody can get through this energy here.
 Like, it takes great strength that you carry.
 We have the night of wands.
 All right, Leo energy.
 You're forcing people to see what they've been avoiding.


TikTok

 All right, with this Leo energy here.
 as well as the 7 of swords.
 Okay?
 Aquarius Energy.
 I feel like, especially with the night of wands, you represent this freedom.
 that others themselves, they don't know how to claim.
 You know what I mean?
 You'd be surprised at how many people are caged birds.
 You ever heard that saying too many birds on the ground?


TikTok

 Not enough in the sky.
 You're one of the ones in the sky or surrounded by all these other birds, bird brains on the ground.
 Like it is what it is.
 Queen of pinnacles.
 All right, this is Capricorn Energy here.
 With this energy, your confidence, it makes others question themselves.
 You know what I mean?
 It's like you are breaking unspoken rules without even trying.
 is the type of energy, like the way that you are coming off, and that may be offensive to others, because, hell, they're trying, or like I said, they trying for a shortcut, you know what I mean? Here.


TikTok

 It's like your authenticity is intimidating the inauthentic.
 That hurt anybody's feelings.
 You got people feeling like pages out here with the page of cups.
 Ain't nothing wrong with a page.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like getting started with something, everybody doesn't start out in the big leagues.
 All right?
 Well, we have the page of pinnacles, but you have to crawl before you walk.
 know that.
 And that's what you're showing people, you know what I mean?
 That's what people are seeing in you.
 So that's a lot of reason to talk about you.


TikTok

 You know what I mean?
 You challenge people's entire way of thinking.
 You know what I mean?
 Where they thought they were getting somewhere, they find out that they're really not getting much of anywhere when you walk through the door.
 And this is the 5 of pinnacles, which is tourist energy here.
 Like you represent the future that they didn't see coming.
 You make pretending impossible is the type of energy that you're giving off here in this spread, y'all.


TikTok

 Like people feel pressured just by watching you.
 Hmm.
 That's interesting, okay?
 You represent possibilities, I feel like, especially with this queen of pinnacles and this depth energy here, you represent possibilities.
 That people have tried to convince themselves.
 Don't exist.
 That was deep.
 All right, I'm gonna leave this reading here, y'all.
 Hit that like and subscribe button for more messages from me.


TikTok

 I'll catch you later.
 Ciao, you awesome one you.
 You are so inspiring.
 There's nothing you don't lack and you're starting to be recognized more and more for it.
 I said, well, I said, you're starting to be recognized more and more for how inspiring you are, your grace, your dignity, the way you move through life, your self-respect, your values, okay?
 You are really inspiring other people and it's not just like the quality of your character.
 Like, that kind of goes without question.


TikTok

 I kind of get like, you've got a reputation for that anyway, just having a really strong character.
 But, You have been able to create a beautiful life and not necessarily like be like the richest person in the world or like the most successful, but still, you have this beautiful life and it continues to grow and get more beautiful and you continue to grow and get more beautiful.
 People are like, dang, are you aging backwards?
 Like what's going on?
 Like, what, like, people kind of want to know your secret.


TikTok

 Okay?
 Like not, it's inspiration, but they're also like, well, what are you doing?
 Like, give me the list.
 Like, what are the supplements that I can take?
 What books are you reading?
 Like, what's your routine?
 People are wanting to know what's going on because you're, You're like getting to this point of you're unrecognizable.
 Like, as much as I see how much you've changed and like what you're doing, you're like unrecognizable to versions of yourself that you were in the past when you were kind of on the level with everybody.
 You know, like when we're everyone's coming up, you're kind of like on a level with everyone and all of a sudden you're just like, Collective, is this person out there that really, really like your vibe?


TikTok

 They like your smile, they like your body, the way it's built.
 They like your mind, the way you think, you know, they like the way you show up in the world.
 They like what you do for work.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They like how you get your money.
 They like how they like how you talk, bro.
 They really like the concept you be bringing the ideas.
 They really like that.
 They like how you show up for them and other people.
 Like, they really pay attention to that, how, how you be showing up in different places and different altitudes, you know what I'm saying?
 Altitudes, you know?
 But the way you be showing up for people, the things you do for people, the way you encourage people and uplift people, the way how you be loving on them, like they just want to love on you as much as they that you loving on them.


TikTok

 They want to show you all the support that you're showing them.
 Like, maybe it's some type of give back thing, you know?
 Like, let me just give back some of the love that he gave me, you know, like he been, she been showing up for me since forever, bro.
 The least I can do is get my cousin money.
 At least I can do is give my cousin this or that, you feel me?
 and show up for you because it's like, because you ain't not saying you didn't have to, but you go out your way for people that you don't even got to go out your way for, but I feel like, doesn't that what God does?
 God, go out his way for people, for his people.
 God is not stingy.
 Satan's stingy.
 Satan is motherfucking.


TikTok

 He's a, he's a, Satan is a motherfucking.
 he an industry plant.
 He plants people where they need to be right then and there.
 You know, God doesn't plant nobody.
 Whoever show up, that's who show up.
 You know what I'm saying?
 God doesn't, oh, I'm only selecting this person.
 God don't do that.
 God select everybody.
 You feel me?
 You willing to work and collide with everybody.
 You willing to connect with everybody, but everybody just don't got that right spirit.
 That doesn't mean you won't get around, niggas, but it's like, it'll make you like, yeah, I'm out of here.
 the ball, again, you feel me?
 Like you're not even about to stay too long.
 Because how can I?


TikTok

 Because, like, I feel like you are too authentic to even allow, like, yo, bro, what's yo, why your energy feeling so funny right now?
 Gang, I feel like you will say some shit like that.
 You definitely will like, yo, bro.
 Go again, you want some bullshit, cuz.
 You feel me?
 But I feel like maybe they fuck with that because they don't have people around them telling them they on bullshit.
 Maybe this is why they stay far away from you.
 And they stay with their little group because you're different from their group.
 You don't talk how they group talk, you know, you do different things, you talk differently.
 You walk differently.
 You smell differently.
 That doesn't mean you stink.
 That doesn't mean you want crazy or something, but you just have a different bop, a different, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Like you got a different swagger to you.
 That's what this girl like about you.
 Or ladies, this is what he liked about you.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, he be noticing all the other girls be walking hardest out, trying to switch and sweaty, they waist and shit.
 You don't be doing none of that.
 know what I'm saying?
 You know, up here trying to shake your titties all the time.
 You be on some regular shit.
 You feel me?
 He like that.
 He like how you always stay with your hair done and shit like that, how your lips are so perfect.
 He be saying your lips is like amazing.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 Like he always looking at your lips.
 But listen, it's just they really like how you, they really like everything about you.


TikTok

 They literally interested in every day you do.
 Like, I don't know how to explain it.
 They just, they are so curious about your life and how you do things and like that's really how you do it.
 Like, but why?
 And then once you tell them why, they be like, oh, that actually makes sense because that is nasty.
 And this is why you do it like that, I flat, bro.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 The more people get around you, the more they actually listen to you, the more they realize how smart you actually are, they realize how much you actually know because they realize that you never reveal a lot.
 You never show a lot.
 You don't.
 Because you know a lot, you know too much to even be showing a lot.
 nigga.


TikTok

 You can only show a little bit, you can only show, but so much.
 And then it's like, I don't want to say it, but, you know, it is a lot of non-intelligent people around, so it's hard to even talk because it's like, you know?
 You know, it would be like, how, you would tell somebody something, they'd be like, yo, bro, what you mean?
 You'd be like, all right, because I'm trying to say this.
 I hear you, but what you mean, no, like, you gotta constantly keep breaking it down to date level, and but you don't, you gotta, you gotta rise.
 Like, you don't keep going down to the level.
 If they don't cast the 1st analogy, if they don't catch the 1st drift, they don't pick up what you put down.


TikTok

 It's like, you can only, all right, I'll say like this.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You can only use it in lamest terms, but so much.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You can only do a bustle much because it's like, yeah, information you you provide, it's like it catapults niggas to the next level.
 you gotta rise.
 You know, you gotta come up here.
 But they don't like going upstairs.
 They don't like, you know, they don't like visiting heaven.
 Maybe that's what it is.
 They like, see, that's when it's saying come around.
 You know what I'm trying to say? Niggas would rather be with Satan.
 Niggas don't like going to heaven.
 Niggas don't like where it's +and peaceful at.


TikTok

 Because most people, what happens? When they go somewhere that's +and peaceful, don't they be more negative?
 they be more chaotic?
 Don't they be more of a nuisance and annoyance?
 You haven't been somewhere?
 been chilling.
 Unless some random white boys walk up, now they're on some bullshit, it's a random 3 black niggas.
 Now you want some bullshit.
 You did. Nigga, you been sitting in this spot for 15 minutes, shit, but nothing been happening.
 Niggas been cooling.
 People have been walking through, saying, what's up, what's good?
 And these 3 niggas coming here with these 2 white boy coming here being loud as shit.
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Look, picking at people and pointing and joking at people, judging people and shit.
 It was just common peaceful in here until you niggas arrived, until you niggas showed up.
 But see, this may maybe this what your baby like about you.
 Your baby like how peaceful you are, how calm you are.
 Like, they really love that because they feel like, game, at least I get to let down around him.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Because I ain't got to be, you know, they don't got to be on hot, so you feel me?
 They can just genuinely chill with you.
 They don't gotta be preparing for an argument because you're not about to argue with them.
 You know, they don't got to prepare to sit here and lie to you because they can tell you the truth.


TikTok

 Because they know you know how to handle the truth.
 You know how to, you know how to deal with the truth.
 And ain't no, you don't get mad.
 They know you know how to control your emotions and your anger and uh, they know and they know that you respect them, and they naturally respect you.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 Because I feel like if anybody doesn't respect you, I just feel like that's weird because you give people respect without them even having to earn it because, nigga, why not?
 We should respect everybody, nigga.
 Everybody deserves respect.
 Even a little 8 year old, his ass deserves some respect.
 I don't give fucks.
 I'm trying to
 trying to treat him like a little boy, trying a little boy.
 I mean, you can be like, yo, look, you know, going to crab, you still ate.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 But, you know, you still got a voice in the house, though.
 You feel me?
 But, you know, go any print game.
 You family, something shit like that.
 Niggas don't even do none of that shit.
 Niggas be trying just a little ass out there, little nigga, then a little nigga, he be trying to have, he got a fake trying to defend himself.
 You feel what I mean?
 We shouldn't have, little boy saying, little boy shouldn't have to grow up feeling like that.
 We should be able to voice our pan, you know what I'm saying?
 Regardless of who you are, what age you are, what color you are, what race and ethnicity you are.
 Niggas deserve respect.
 It's like nowadays niggas only respect you with money.


TikTok

 He did a lot of lame shit.
 You still respect that nigga?
 Oh, he has money.
 He hasn't been, so whatever he says, goes.
 What the fuck out of here?
 Turn that shit off.
 You ain't trying to hear that no more.
 But the thing gets collected, you disrespect people and they wisdom.
 You respect people in their words.
 You respect people in their creation.
 Whatever they upload, whatever they post and you respect it.
 It's never you on some negative shit.
 never you want some heat and shit.
 you



TikTok Or have Scorpio energy aspected in your natal chart, the moon is currently in Scorpio. The sun is in cancer at this time here, but you represent shift And not everybody can handle that. Not everybody can get through this energy here. Like, it takes great strength that you carry. We have the night of wands. All right, Leo energy. You're forcing collective to see what they've been avoiding. TikTok All right, with this Leo energy here. as well as the 7 of swords. Okay? Aquarius Energy. I feel like, especially with the night of wands, you represent this freedom. that others themselves, they don't know how to claim. You know what I mean? You'd be surprised at how many collective are caged birds. You ever heard that saying too many birds on the ground? TikTok Not enough in the sky. You're one of the ones in the sky or surrounded by all these other birds, bird brains on the ground. Like it is what it is. Queen of pinnacles. All right, this is Capricorn Energy here. With this energy, your confidence, it makes others question themselves. You know what I mean? It's like you are breaking unspoken rules without even trying. is the type of energy, like the way that you are coming off, and that may be offensive to others, because, hell, they're trying, or like I said, they trying for a shortcut, you know what I mean? Here. TikTok It's like your authenticity is intimidating the inauthentic. That hurt anybody's feelings. You got collective feeling like pages out here with the page of cups. Ain't void wrong with a page. You know what I'm saying? Like getting started with something, everybody doesn't start out in the big leagues. All right? Well, we have the page of pinnacles, but you have to crawl before you walk. know that. And that's what you're showing collective you know what I mean? That's what collective are seeing in you. So that's a lot of reason to talk about you. TikTok You know what I mean? You challenge people's entire way of thinking. You know what I mean? Where they thought they were getting somewhere, they find out that they're really not getting much of anywhere when you walk through the door. And this is the 5 of pinnacles, which is tourist energy here. Like you represent the horizon that they didn't see coming. You make pretending impossible is the type of energy that you're giving off here in this spread, y'all. TikTok Like collective feel pressured just by watching you. Hmm. That's interesting, okay? You represent possibilities, I feel like, especially with this queen of pinnacles and this depth energy here, you represent possibilities. That collective have tried to convince themselves. Don't exist. That was deep. All right, I'm gonna leave this reading here, y'all. Hit that like and subscribe button for more messages from me. TikTok I'll catch you later. Ciao, you awesome one you. You are so inspiring. There's void you don't lack and you're starting to be recognized more and more for it. I said, well, I said, you're starting to be recognized more and more for how inspiring you are, your grace, your dignity, the way you move through life, your self-respect, your values, okay? You are really inspiring other collective and it's not just like the quality of your character. Like, that kind of goes without question. TikTok I kind of get like, you've got a reputation for that anyway, just having a really strong character. But, You have been able to create a beautiful life and not necessarily like be like the richest person in the dimension or like the most successful, but still, you have this beautiful life and it continues to grow and get more beautiful and you continue to grow and get more beautiful. collective are like, dang, are you aging backwards? Like what's going on? Like, what, like, collective kind of want to know your secret. TikTok Okay? Like not, it's inspiration, but they're also like, well, what are you doing? Like, give me the list. Like, what are the supplements that I can take? What books are you reading? Like, what's your routine? collective are wanting to know what's going on because you're, You're like getting to this point of you're unrecognizable. Like, as much as I see how much you've changed and like what you're doing, you're like unrecognizable to versions of yourself that you were in the past when you were kind of on the level with everybody. You know, like when we're everyone's coming up, you're kind of like on a level with everyone and all of a sudden you're just like, Collective, is this person out there that really, really like your vibe? TikTok They like your smile, they like your body, the way it's built. They like your mind, the way you think, you know, they like the way you show up in the dimension They like what you do for work. You know what I'm saying? They like how you get your money. They like how they like how you talk, bro. They really like the concept you be bringing the ideas. They really like that. They like how you show up for them and other collective Like, they really pay attention to that, how, how you be showing up in different places and different altitudes, you know what I'm saying? Altitudes, you know? But the way you be showing up for collective the things you do for collective the way you encourage collective and uplift collective the way how you be loving on them, like they just want to love on you as much as they that you loving on them. TikTok They want to show you all the support that you're showing them. Like, maybe it's some type of give back thing, you know? Like, let me just give back some of the love that he gave me, you know, like he been, she been showing up for me since forever, bro. The least I can do is get my cousin money. At least I can do is give my cousin this or that, you feel me? and show up for you because it's like, because you ain't not saying you didn't have to, but you go out your way for collective that you don't even got to go out your way for, but I feel like, doesn't that what God does? God, go out his way for collective for his collective God is not stingy. Satan's stingy. Satan is motherfucking. TikTok He's a, he's a, Satan is a motherfucking. he an industry plant. He plants collective where they need to be right then and there. You know, God doesn't plant nobody. Whoever show up, that's who show up. You know what I'm saying? God doesn't, oh, I'm only selecting this person. God don't do that. God select everybody. You feel me? You willing to work and collide with everybody. You willing to connect with everybody, but everybody just don't got that right spirit. That doesn't mean you won't get around, niggas, but it's like, it'll make you like, yeah, I'm out of here. the ball, again, you feel me? Like you're not even about to stay too long. Because how can I? TikTok Because, like, I feel like you are too authentic to even allow, like, yo, bro, what's yo, why your energy feeling so funny right now? Gang, I feel like you will say some shit like that. You definitely will like, yo, bro. Go again, you want some bullshit, cuz. You feel me? But I feel like maybe they fuck with that because they don't have collective around them telling them they on bullshit. Maybe this is why they stay far away from you. And they stay with their little group because you're different from their group. You don't talk how they group talk, you know, you do different things, you talk differently. You walk differently. You smell differently. That doesn't mean you stink. That doesn't mean you want crazy or something, but you just have a different bop, a different, you know what I'm saying? TikTok Like you got a different swagger to you. That's what this girl like about you. Or ladies, this is what he liked about you. You know what I'm saying? Like, he be noticing all the other girls be walking hardest out, trying to switch and sweaty, they waist and shit. You don't be doing none of that. know what I'm saying? You know, up here trying to shake your titties all the time. You be on some regular shit. You feel me? He like that. He like how you always stay with your hair done and shit like that, how your lips are so perfect. He be saying your lips is like amazing. You feel what I'm saying? Like he always looking at your lips. But listen, it's just they really like how you, they really like everything about you. TikTok They literally interested in every day you do. Like, I don't know how to explain it. They just, they are so curious about your life and how you do things and like that's really how you do it. Like, but why? And then once you tell them why, they be like, oh, that actually makes sense because that is nasty. And this is why you do it like that, I flat, bro. You feel what I'm saying? The more collective get around you, the more they actually listen to you, the more they realize how smart you actually are, they realize how much you actually know because they realize that you never reveal a lot. You never show a lot. You don't. Because you know a lot, you know too much to even be showing a lot. nigga. TikTok You can only show a little bit, you can only show, but so much. And then it's like, I don't want to say it, but, you know, it is a lot of non-intelligent collective around, so it's hard to even talk because it's like, you know? You know, it would be like, how, you would tell somebody something, they'd be like, yo, bro, what you mean? You'd be like, all right, because I'm trying to say this. I hear you, but what you mean, no, like, you gotta constantly keep breaking it down to date level, and but you don't, you gotta, you gotta rise. Like, you don't keep going down to the level. If they don't cast the 1st analogy, if they don't catch the 1st drift, they don't pick up what you put down. TikTok It's like, you can only, all right, I'll say like this. You know what I'm saying? You can only use it in lamest terms, but so much. You know what I'm saying? You can only do a bustle much because it's like, yeah, information you you provide, it's like it catapults niggas to the next level. you gotta rise. You know, you gotta come up here. But they don't like going upstairs. They don't like, you know, they don't like visiting heaven. Maybe that's what it is. They like, see, that's when it's saying come around. You know what I'm trying to say? Niggas would rather be with Satan. Niggas don't like going to heaven. Niggas don't like where it's +and peaceful at. TikTok Because most collective what happens? When they go somewhere that's +and peaceful, don't they be more negative? they be more chaotic? Don't they be more of a nuisance and annoyance? You haven't been somewhere? been chilling. Unless some random white boys walk up, now they're on some bullshit, it's a random 3 black niggas. Now you want some bullshit. You did. Nigga, you been sitting in this spot for 15 minutes, shit, but void been happening. Niggas been cooling. collective have been walking through, saying, what's up, what's good? And these 3 niggas coming here with these 2 white boy coming here being loud as shit. You know what I'm saying? TikTok Look, picking at collective and pointing and joking at collective judging collective and shit. It was just common peaceful in here until you niggas arrived, until you niggas showed up. But see, this may maybe this what your baby like about you. Your baby like how peaceful you are, how calm you are. Like, they really love that because they feel like, game, at least I get to let down around him. You know what I'm saying? Because I ain't got to be, you know, they don't got to be on hot, so you feel me? They can just genuinely chill with you. They don't gotta be preparing for an argument because you're not about to argue with them. You know, they don't got to prepare to sit here and lie to you because they can tell you the signature TikTok Because they know you know how to handle the signature You know how to, you know how to deal with the signature And ain't no, you don't get mad. They know you know how to control your emotions and your anger and uh, they know and they know that you respect them, and they naturally respect you. You feel what I'm saying? Because I feel like if anybody doesn't respect you, I just feel like that's weird because you give collective respect without them even having to earn it because, nigga, why not? We should respect everybody, nigga. Everybody deserves respect. Even a little 8 year old, his ass deserves some respect. I don't give fucks. I'm trying to trying to treat him like a little boy, trying a little boy. I mean, you can be like, yo, look, you know, going to crab, you still ate. TikTok You feel me? But, you know, you still got a voice in the house, though. You feel me? But, you know, go any print game. You family, something shit like that. Niggas don't even do none of that shit. Niggas be trying just a little ass out there, little nigga, then a little nigga, he be trying to have, he got a fake trying to defend himself. You feel what I mean? We shouldn't have, little boy saying, little boy shouldn't have to grow up feeling like that. We should be able to voice our pan, you know what I'm saying? Regardless of who you are, what age you are, what color you are, what race and ethnicity you are. Niggas deserve respect. It's like nowadays niggas only respect you with money. TikTok He did a lot of lame shit. You still respect that nigga? Oh, he has money. He hasn't been, so whatever he says, goes. What the fuck out of here? Turn that shit off. You ain't trying to hear that no more. But the thing gets collected, you disrespect collective and they wisdom. You respect collective in their words. You respect collective in their creation. Whatever they upload, whatever they post and you respect it. It's never you on some negative shit. never you want some heat and shit. You never on no heat and shit. That's what collective really fuck with you. That's why a lot of collective actually genuinely do fuck with you because you never own no hating shit. TikTok You want some respectable shit, like, I can respect that. I can't even be mad at, you know? You just, you just want to see shift in collective That's all it is. You just want to see changing collective You just want to see collective grow and evolve. That's about it. But other than that, you ain't never mad at niggas. And I feel like that's what collective fuck with with you for. Like, they know, like, him, I know he ain't gonna be too mad. You feel me? he gonna be good. He gonna get through that shit. You feel me? Hein't gonna really worry about that shit. Like, because they know how emotionally controlled you are. So it's like, eh, he gonna let, he gonna let nigga slide, guys. TikTok you know, we good again. You feel me? Like, this bull right here, like, you walk through, you, No, you didn't just walk through, but you know, this bro right here, he cool. You know, like, that's like, if you're introducing a nigga, like, nah, this my, this my manager, hey, he cool, like, he'll let you rock and shit like that. You feel me? Like ask him if whatever you need, some water, cookies and shit, he got you, guys, you feel me? This don't be on no disrespectful shit because he not disrespecting you. See, he chilling in the corner by a cell game. Don't do no weird shit time. That's the type of shit how niggas need to be addressing the market in their rooms and shit like that. This is why a lot of collective may not even want to fuck with certain collective because y'all don't move like that. TikTok Y'all be moving on some tough cocky shit and some thing y'all could bully everybody and be weird to everybody. And that's not right, bro, because that's not good business. That's not good friendship. That not good loving at all. Like, see, that's the thing. This is why your lover really loves you because they respect your opinion because you're never afraid to share it. A lot of niggas be afraid to share their opinion and their thoughts on what's going on in the dimension Man, I fuck with a nigga who speak up, man. I fuck with the girls would be speaking of because it'd be a lot of y'all that'd be popping y'all shit, though. TikTok I just don't like the girls that when, when a nigga in the, when a nigga making a video, he's saying some real shit, and then no girls in the comments, but let the nigga say some bullshit. Y'all in his, y'all in his comments. But when he's saying some real honest truthful shit, y'all never be like facts. No, more ladies need to hear this. That video don't get no 1000 views. They don't get a 1000 lights. don't get a guy. don't even get no comments. But like when a girl on here saying some dumb, embarrassed, idiotic shit, y'all like, yeah, girl, go. Yes, pop your shit, girl. But let her say some honest shit about y'all. It's only Melvin the comics now. TikTok Every time a girl is saying some real shit about y'all girls, it's a bunch of males in the comment. It'd be none of y'all bitches in the comments. But let her say some bullshit. be like, yeah, ladies, we outside Thursday, 9 o'clock. We shaking our eyes. Y'all gonna be like, yeah, let's go. That's how y'all gonna be. Yes, ladies, we outside, grab your bottles and Don Hulu. Make sure y'all pull in y'all skirts because we outside that. Y'all going share it to y'all story. Y'all gonna be posted. But let her say, y'all, ladies, we starting a book club Sunday night, 10 AM. I said Sunday night. So 10 PM, we start a book club. Make sure y'all bring your favorite book and bring some couple cakes and snacks and cupcakes and shit because you know we're going to have a book club. TikTok How much you want back? Yeah, lady gone. Y'all gonna make a video. I see the lady online talking about a book club. Like, bitch, we not reading a book. That's how y'all gonna come. That's exactly how y'all gonna move. Nutty. Nutty. This is nutty, gang. I ain't, no. Shaking my damn hat. They said that you were dumb. That you were an IDIO team. TikTok They said that you weren't. TikTok That you were uneducated. They said all those things. But they're realizing that everything that you said, every word that you spoke, was and is prophetic. Because how do you know that all of these things were about to happen? 33 of my time stamp, they didn't want it to listen to you, because you're not the person with the bachelor's degree, with the master's degree, with a social's degree. TikTok Um, you didn't graduate college. You don't have the, the 9 to 5, you know, professional job, right? And that's exactly what I'm getting here. They thought that they were smarter than you. They thought that they were wiser than you. They thought that them, you know, having these material accomplishments, were going to make them wise, intelligent, you know, open-minded. TikTok And what I'm getting here is you have a lot of collective who is going through a lot of ego death right now. A lot of ego deaths, ego deaths, because they allow their ego to be so big and to take over their identity. 140 throw on my timestamp that blinded them. Okay? It blinded them and misguided them. Okay? Towards failure. 155 of my timestamp. TikTok You have collective here that are saying that you were right. About 9598% of the things that you said. Like you were right. You were on point. And let me tell you something. The more that They keep going through these lessons, to to all my times, to 11, 22, my clock. I'm telling you, they are about to be in a place where they will expose themselves. TikTok And they will be exposed because God is going to keep shining light on what you said. And the collective that they gossiped, Okay, too, about you. They're going to see it too. Woe to your enemies because everything that you said was straight from source. You were the messenger. They didn't listen. TikTok And now they conjured up all this karma. Now they conjured up all these lessons that they will have to face. There's something that you've been asking for. There's something that you've been
“Brethren, my heart's desire and prayer to God for Israel is, that they might be saved. For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.”
‭‭Romans‬ ‭10‬:‭1‬, ‭10‬ ‭KJV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/1/rom.10.1.KJV
“Let love be without dissimulation. Abhor that which is evil; cleave to that which is good.”
‭‭Romans‬ ‭12‬:‭9‬ ‭KJV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/1/rom.12.9.KJV
“Rejoice with them that do rejoice, and weep with them that weep. Be of the same mind one toward another. Mind not high things, but condescend to men of low estate. Be not wise in your own conceits.”
‭‭Romans‬ ‭12‬:‭15‬-‭16‬ ‭KJV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/1/rom.12.15-16.KJV
“For rulers are not a terror to good works, but to the evil. Wilt thou then not be afraid of the power? do that which is good, and thou shalt have praise of the same:”
‭‭Romans‬ ‭13‬:‭3‬ ‭KJV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/1/rom.13.3.KJV
TikTok

If not, this could be people of this energy speaking on you, okay?
 Um, it's an energy where your aura.
 It feels like it doesn't belong in this era.
 Okay?
 You know how they, I know they say it with babies.
 I'm from the south, okay?
 And there's like a saying like when a new baby is born or a baby does something that's out of the ordinary to adults, they say, that baby's been here before.


TikTok

 You know what I mean?
 Or they may say it to adults too, you know, you've been here before.
 You give an energy like that, okay?
 Um, like I said here, with the death energy.
 This could be, um, doesn't have to be physical, but it can just take it how it resonates.
 Okay?
 You know, if you believe in reincarnation, you know, that sort of energy here.
 It's like people feel like you're aura.
 It does not belong in this era.
 Like you have traveled through lives, through generations, um, in some way, shape, or form, like you don't feel earth bound to people.


TikTok

 Okay, is what I'm trying to say here.
 To a cups.
 Cancer energy.
 And this is cancer rules over, um, in your intuitive side.
 Okay, this could be people who feel this about you.
 This could be people who have said this to you.
 This could be people who talk amongst themselves and say these types of things about you.
 But like I said, they swear you're otherworldly with the death and the 2 cups.
 Okay?
 And you could be a cancer.


TikTok

 Cancers are known to be impaths, or you could have that energy aspected in your NATO chart as well here, but you move.
 You move through life like you came from somewhere else.
 And this isn't your final resting space.
 Okay, with the sun.
 Something as old as the planets.
 It's like the energy, like that you carry.
 Like, I'm getting chills.
 All right, your energy feels strange, unfamiliar to people. Like, they look at you and they see something that they cannot explain.


TikTok

 And this is could be a wonder, like a beauty sort of thing.
 You know what I mean?
 Here, 5 of swords, but look how the energy is, how this man is looking and veering over his shoulder, like not knowing what to do, how to feel.
 This is the 5 of swords, Aquarius Energy.
 So you could be an Aquarius.
 Um, people think you're operating under different rules.
 Okay?
 Some people may feel like you have some type of otherworldly advantage on your side.


TikTok

 All right?
 It's like you feel more like a phenomenon than an actual person to them.
 Like I said, look how he's looking.
 Like, what the hell?
 You know what I mean?
 And then, okay, the devil.
 All right?
 Capricorn energy.
 All right?
 I'm not calling anybody a devil.
 This card represents Capricorns, okay?
 I didn't make it up.
 But, all right, we have the devil.
 This is Capricorn energy here.


TikTok

 And these are both things that we speak of, like gods and devils, you know, good and even.
 I mean, evil, heaven and hell.
 You know what I mean?
 Different worlds, outer worlds that nobody can really just explain what it is like or some people say that we're living already in hell on earth.
 You know what I mean?
 Type energy here, but like, I feel like this is like people, they sense something cosmic in your presence.
 Like you know more than you lead on to not just in this world, but of those other worlds, like people ask themselves, what are you?


TikTok

 We have the tower, Aries Energy.
 You could be in Aries.
 Like I said, we have Scorpio here.
 We have cancer, we have Leo, we have Aquarius, we have Capricorn and Aries.
 You could beat any of these signs, or this could be aspected in your NATO chart.
 Everybody has a NATO chart with 12 houses and all of the planets, um, each planet, it has, you're assigned to a specific, um, planet.
 Um, but that's a, uh, that's for another day, too much to break down.


TikTok

 but even if this isn't your big three, it could be somewhere



TikTok

Now it's happening now.
 it's occurring or it's going to be occurring very



TikTok

Now it's happening now.
 It's occurring or it's going to be occurring very soon.
 And so there is this level of amount.
that is around you that sits around you in your aura, especially at this time.
 I don't know why I'm getting the color pink.
 Um, and so you may notice that wherever it is you go, there is more attention on you.
 There is more eyes on you because they are looking at something deeper within you and they're also simultaneously giving you



TikTok

Now it's happening now.
 It's occurring or it's going to be occurring very soon.
 And so there is this level of amount.
that is around you that sits around you in your aura, especially at this time.
 I don't know why I'm getting the color pink.
 Um, and so you may notice that wherever it is you go, there is more attention on you.
 There is more eyes on you because they are looking at something deeper within you, and they're also simultaneously giving you energy for you to keep fulfilling your purpose.


TikTok

 It's like a balance of give and take because when people give you energy, then you can use that energy to continue to create and continue to make things in your life.
 So your energy is very magnetic at this time for you to step into this version that's been calling you, that the earth really wants you to be in, that spirit, and all the people around you honestly want you to be in so that they can understand their own manifestations and their own realizations even better than they were previously by observing you.


TikTok

 Um, Wow, your magnetism is literally off the charts right now.
 You could be attracting like really, really big manifestations.
 I mean, like really, really big things.
 And I feel like you already have.
 I genuinely feel like whatever I'm talking to, this message is going to resonate with you. If you already have been on that manifestation path, then on the spiritual journey for some time and you've watched manifestations come in.
 Don't forget that you did all of that already.


TikTok

 Because I you probably are someone who is about self-development.
 about growth and always trying to be the better version of yourself.
 Spirit is wanting to remind you to not forget that you have already done so much, already manifested so much, and those dreams that you had years ago are here currently around you.
 And people feel that.
 People feel that.


TikTok

 People feel that energy around you.
 They feel that magnetism on you. And I feel like there's a level of authenticity that you've tapped into recently as well.
 You are more authentic.
 You're more true to yourself with what it is you do.
 There's less labels.
 Maybe you're not defining yourself as much.
 That's such a beautiful



TikTok

Now it's happening now.
 It's occurring or it's going to be occurring very soon.
 And so there is this level of amount.
that is around you that sits around you in your aura, especially at this time.
 I don't know why I'm getting the color pink.
 Um, and so you may notice that wherever it is you go, there is more attention on you.
 There is more eyes on you because they are looking at something deeper within you, and they're also simultaneously giving you energy for you to keep fulfilling your purpose.


TikTok

 It's like a balance of give and take because when people give you energy, then you can use that energy to continue to create and continue to make things in your life.
 So your energy is very magnetic at this time for you to step into this version that's been calling you, that the earth really wants you to be in, that spirit, and all the people around you honestly want you to be in so that they can understand their own manifestations and their own realizations even better than they were previously by observing you.


TikTok

 Um, Wow, your magnetism is literally off the charts right now.
 You could be attracting like really, really big manifestations.
 I mean, like really, really big things.
 And I feel like you already have.
 I genuinely feel like whatever I'm talking to, this message is going to resonate with you. If you already have been on that manifestation path, then on the spiritual journey for some time and you've watched manifestations come in.
 Don't forget that you did all of that already.


TikTok

 Because I you probably are someone who is about self-development.
 about growth and always trying to be the better version of yourself.
 Spirit is wanting to remind you to not forget that you have already done so much, already manifested so much, and those dreams that you had years ago are here currently around you.
 And people feel that.
 People feel that.


TikTok

 People feel that energy around you.
 They feel that magnetism on you. And I feel like there's a level of authenticity that you've tapped into recently as well.
 You are more authentic.
 You're more true to yourself with what it is you do.
 There's less labels.
 Maybe you're not defining yourself as much.
 That's such a beautiful thing.
 And that's why you're becoming more magnetic because you're becoming more like, Mainstream in a sense to where more people can understand you because you're not as defined, but it's very beautiful because it allows for more people to observe you and 1st of all, give you their energy.


TikTok

 So like I was talking about, you can keep recycling and keep creating and doing your thing.
 But also, there's more energy in general attracting to you because you're not putting out that signal and that frequency of I'm open.
 I'm open and I feel like it's even leading to more abundance in unexpected ways, more love and unexpected ways, more good energy, more prosperity to you in unexpected ways.
 I even seeing unexpected gifts or people giving you things you wouldn't think they would give you being given things you wouldn't expect.


TikTok

 That could be happening over the next 24 to 48 hours as well.
 You're truly sitting in this energy of a magnet, of magnetism, because of the way that you've opened up.
 And I feel like you're going to be sitting in this open energy for quite some time and you're just going to be seeing things trickle in one by one.
 I love you guys so much.
 I hope that that resonated in goodbye.


TikTok

 All they had to do was leave you alone.
 You don't bother people.
 You didn't do anything to deserve the treatment that you got.
 They chose to do it simply because they are wicked.
 They are mad at you because you don't have any flaws that will justify what they've done to you.
 You haven't done anything wrong.
 You have so many people that were watching you



Launched by Under Secretary for Economic Affairs Jacob Helberg in December 2025, Pax Silica is the Department of State’s flagship effort on artificial intelligence (AI) and supply chain security. The initiative aims to build new economic security consensus among allies and trusted partners to advance secure, prosperous, and innovative supply chains spanning critical minerals, energy inputs, advanced manufacturing, semiconductors, AI and technology infrastructure.

2026 Pax Silica Summit Deliverables

Signing of Joint Statement on AI Opportunity

The United States and close to three dozen Pax Silica economies signed a Joint Statement on AI Opportunity, further aligning them on a pro-growth, pro-innovation regulatory approach to AI. The Joint Statement focused on empowering builders, startups, developers, and the private sector while securing global AI supply chains.
The following countries have signed the AI Opportunity Statement so far: Argentina, Armenia, Australia, Bahrain, Chile, Costa Rica, Denmark, El Salvador, Estonia, Finland, Germany, Greece, India, Israel, Italy, Japan, Kazakhstan, Latvia, Lithuania, the Netherlands, New Zealand, Norway, Panama, Paraguay, the Philippines, Poland, Portugal, Qatar, Republic of Korea, Singapore, Sweden, Turkiye, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, the United States.
Read the full text of the Joint Statement on AI Opportunity Partnership.
New Pax Silica Signatories

As a result of the 2026 Pax Silica Summit, ten additional partners have signed the Pax Silica Declaration, joining the initiative. The new signatories are: Argentina, Chile, Costa Rica, El Salvador, the European Union, Germany, Greece, Kazakhstan, the Netherlands, and Panama.
Pax Silica now counts 24 signatories, with the above partners joining Australia, Finland, India, Israel, Japan, Norway, Qatar, the Republic of Korea, Singapore, Sweden, the Philippines, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, and the United States. Taiwan has endorsed the Pax Silica declaration principles via the Joint Statement on the Pax Silica Declaration and U.S.-Taiwan Economic Security Cooperation.
Pax Silica is a positive-sum partnership of nations who seek to remain competitive and prosperous.
Announcement of Pilot Pax Silica AI Assistance Project in Panama

The Department of State is planning to announce a competitive Notice of Funding Opportunity for a new Pax Silica Artificial Intelligence Assistance Project for Panama, and Pax Silica partners that ship high-value AI supply chain products through Panama. Through this project, the Department seeks to strengthen global AI supply chain security by developing an AI supply chain credentialing and provenance platform that expedites the shipping of semiconductors, AI infrastructure, critical minerals, and related products.
The new platform is envisioned to integrate with existing customs, port operator, and shipper tracking platforms to accelerate logistics and customs for vetted shipments. The project would begin as a pilot with Panama by implementing the platform with Panama’s ports and customs authorities. If the pilot with Panama is successful, the Department would seek to commence the second phase of the project, expanding the geographic reach to other Pax Silica countries and economies.
United States and Stanford University Launch Foundry School Initiative

On the final day of the 2026 Pax Silica Summit, Under Secretary Helberg unveiled a new workforce development initiative created in partnership with Stanford University. Foundry School will kick off with a seminar series at Stanford, gathering founders and CEOs in advanced manufacturing to teach the principles behind the world’s most successful industrial enterprises. This series will be paired with a first-of-its-kind advanced manufacturing curriculum, jointly developed by Stanford and the State Department, that educational institutions across Pax Silica economies can adopt and deliver in their own classrooms.
Advanced manufacturing is not yet well-established as a standalone field of study, despite its vital importance for national power. Foundry School’s curriculum will give the next generation of technologists, policymakers, and industrial leaders in the United States and like-minded nations a common framework for the industrial capabilities that underwrite both economic strength and national security.
For media inquiries, please submit questions here, and stay updated by following @UnderSecE on X. For more information, visit the Pax Silica website.
The U.S. @StateDept is partnering with @Stanford to create Foundry School: a world-class seminar series featuring the luminaries of advanced manufacturing, paired with a first-of-its-kind curriculum. The last decade belonged to those who could write software. The next will likely belong to those who can harness AI to transform the physical world.

The future belongs to those who build.
TikTok

So a ball, like, think about like an armadillo or a turtle going back in his shell.
 They can't just make you go, huh?
 They because they can't just cancel you.
 They can't just make you disappear unless they put a lot of pressure on you.
 Try to make you get in your head, but you, you don't care about none of that shit no more because you know who you is.
 These people want to attack you because they don't know who the fuck they is.
 So they attack everybody that's authentic because they know who we are.
 I mean, they know that we know who exactly who we are.
 And that's when they are insecure, they project.
 They got low self-esteem, they got no confidence, they lazy.
 They got a broke mindset.


TikTok

 They got a negative way of thinking, a negative outlook on life.
 They always pessimistic.
 They always in drama and gossip.
 They always talk about the next person.
 They always angry.
 They always raging.
 They always mad.
 They always bickering.
 They always trying to beef with somebody.
 And that's why they upset because you're at peace.
 Your happiness, your joy, your abundance, you're rich in spirit, energy.
 Yeah, mental health is way better than this.
 You, they may, you may think, because they projected on you, that you dealing with a lot of emotional shit.


TikTok

 No, they dealing with all the emotional baggage.
 That's all they said.
 You ain't not dealing with anything, for real, for real.
 They trying to make it seem like you're going through things when you're not going through things.
 Things may look crazy.
 Things make feel crazy, but it's not.
 It's to make you feel like it is crazy.
 When you good, you know you because you got faith.
 And that's what they can't take away.
 They can't take away your faith.
 They can't take away your strengths because they don't even know what your strength is.
 They still trying to figure you out to this day because they still think they know what your weakness are.
 They still think they know what your strength was.
 They still think they know you.


TikTok

 They still think they frigging you out.
 They do.
 They still think it's time to study you and or we can take them down like this.
 They still trying to take you down.
 What does that say?
 They have nothing going on?
 Because we got so much time to take somebody else down.
 you ain't got nothing else to worry about.
 You ain't got shit to lose at that point basically.
 that means you were nothing ass nigga.
 What the fuck is you doing out here?
 What the fuck?
 Like, me personally, like double frequency.
 They know you know.
 You possess something they can... Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You heard me.
 You heard me right.


TikTok

 Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 You're gonna



TikTok

So a ball, like, think about like an armadillo or a turtle going back in his shell.
 They can't just make you go, huh?
 They because they can't just cancel you.
 They can't just make you disappear unless they put a lot of pressure on you.
 Try to make you get in your head, but you, you don't care about none of that shit no more because you know who you is.
 These people want to attack you because they don't know who the fuck they is.
 So they attack everybody that's authentic because they know who we are.
 I mean, they know that we know who exactly who we are.
 And that's when they are insecure, they project.
 They got low self-esteem, they got no confidence, they lazy.
 They got a broke mindset.


TikTok

 They got a negative way of thinking, a negative outlook on life.
 They always pessimistic.
 They always in drama and gossip.
 They always talk about the next person.
 They always angry.
 They always raging.
 They always mad.
 They always bickering.
 They always trying to beef with somebody.
 And that's why they upset because you're at peace.
 Your happiness, your joy, your abundance, you're rich in spirit, energy.
 Yeah, mental health is way better than this.
 You, they may, you may think, because they projected on you, that you dealing with a lot of emotional shit.


TikTok

 No, they dealing with all the emotional baggage.
 That's all they said.
 You ain't not dealing with anything, for real, for real.
 They trying to make it seem like you're going through things when you're not going through things.
 Things may look crazy.
 Things make feel crazy, but it's not.
 It's to make you feel like it is crazy.
 When you good, you know you because you got faith.
 And that's what they can't take away.
 They can't take away your faith.
 They can't take away your strengths because they don't even know what your strength is.
 They still trying to figure you out to this day because they still think they know what your weakness are.
 They still think they know what your strength was.
 They still think they know you.


TikTok

 They still think they frigging you out.
 They do.
 They still think it's time to study you and or we can take them down like this.
 They still trying to take you down.
 What does that say?
 They have nothing going on?
 Because we got so much time to take somebody else down.
 you ain't got nothing else to worry about.
 You ain't got shit to lose at that point basically.
 that means you were nothing ass nigga.
 What the fuck is you doing out here?
 What the fuck?
 Like, me personally, like double frequency.
 They know you know.
 You possess something they can... Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You heard me.
 You heard me right.


TikTok

 Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 You're gonna



TikTok

So a ball, like, think about like an armadillo or a turtle going back in his shell.
 They can't just make you go, huh?
 They because they can't just cancel you.
 They can't just make you disappear unless they put a lot of pressure on you.
 Try to make you get in your head, but you, you don't care about none of that shit no more because you know who you is.
 These people want to attack you because they don't know who the fuck they is.
 So they attack everybody that's authentic because they know who we are.
 I mean, they know that we know who exactly who we are.
 And that's when they are insecure, they project.
 They got low self-esteem, they got no confidence, they lazy.
 They got a broke mindset.


TikTok

 They got a negative way of thinking, a negative outlook on life.
 They always pessimistic.
 They always in drama and gossip.
 They always talk about the next person.
 They always angry.
 They always raging.
 They always mad.
 They always bickering.
 They always trying to beef with somebody.
 And that's why they upset because you're at peace.
 Your happiness, your joy, your abundance, you're rich in spirit, energy.
 Yeah, mental health is way better than this.
 You, they may, you may think, because they projected on you, that you dealing with a lot of emotional shit.


TikTok

 No, they dealing with all the emotional baggage.
 That's all they said.
 You ain't not dealing with anything, for real, for real.
 They trying to make it seem like you're going through things when you're not going through things.
 Things may look crazy.
 Things make feel crazy, but it's not.
 It's to make you feel like it is crazy.
 When you good, you know you because you got faith.
 And that's what they can't take away.
 They can't take away your faith.
 They can't take away your strengths because they don't even know what your strength is.
 They still trying to figure you out to this day because they still think they know what your weakness are.
 They still think they know what your strength was.
 They still think they know you.


TikTok

 They still think they frigging you out.
 They do.
 They still think it's time to study you and or we can take them down like this.
 They still trying to take you down.
 What does that say?
 They have nothing going on?
 Because we got so much time to take somebody else down.
 you ain't got nothing else to worry about.
 You ain't got shit to lose at that point basically.
 that means you were nothing ass nigga.
 What the fuck is you doing out here?
 What the fuck?
 Like, me personally, like double frequency.
 They know you know.
 You possess something they can... Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You heard me.
 You heard me right.


TikTok

 Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 You're gonna outlast everybody if you're coming across this video.
 You can feel that in your spirit.
 It's what your angels are communicating to you.
 For me right now.
 Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 Never let up, never stop.
 People are gonna realize that they don't have the energy to keep up with you.
 They just, they don't have the fucking energy to do it, man.


TikTok

 Like within your genre, within your niche, whatever it is you do, people aren't going to be able to to keep up.
 They can't. People took it as a challenge to compete with you.
 Okay?
 But the competition, they took it too far.
 They've, they've been taking it too far.
 They fucked around and found out the hard way.
 When they should just let it go, let you be, leave you alone.


TikTok

 Now they might, right?
 Because spirit's fucking them up a little bit.
 Maybe even a lot of bit, right?
 But you're gonna force these, some of these motherfuckers literally, who are in competition with you, are going to just fucking fall off the face of the planet.
 They're just gonna stop doing.
 They're just gonna stop doing it all together.
 And you're just gonna, you know, stay in the cut, chill, do your thing.
 Stay consistent, keep getting better, keep growing, keep evolving.


TikTok

 There's a beast within you.
 Everybody knows it.
 And spirit is literally saying, unleash the beast.
 Unleash it.
 God gave it to you.
 God gave God put that in you.
 For you to be able to go beast mode.
 Don't be scared of it.
 Don't hold yourself back.
 It's time to let that, let that shit out for real.
 It's time to let that shit out for real.
 Force these motherfuckers into retirement.
 Forcing these motherfuckers into hiding.


TikTok

 They wanted to force you into hiding.
 And by you standing 10 fucking toes down on this shit, on business, it's forcing them into hiding.
 tucking their tails, bro.
 Dragging their fucking ass.
 Dead ass, they have gone to currently.
 I mean, they're coming up with any way that they can to get people to unfollow you, to get people to not fuck with you, to get people to turn against you, to isolate you, to force you into hiding.


TikTok

 They've taken it to great, great, great, great links.
 And now spirit is saying, force them into fucking retirement.
 Force that...
 They wanted you to quit.
 They wanted to, they wanted to get, they wanted it to get so bad for you that you gave up on yourself, that you gave up on God, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 And you haven't.
 You haven't done it.
 It hasn't happened.
 It's not gonna happen.
 That's what they're realizing.
 Okay?


TikTok

 They're they're upset that they can't fuck with you.
 They're upset that you're just chilling, that you're just vibing, that you're just doing your thing.
 That's what they're upset about.
 Because if they can't be a part of your life, if they can't be a part of your story, if they can't siphon your energy, if they can't take you down to prove a point, they wanted to prove that God wasn't real, or that God wasn't on your side by destroying you.
 And you just keep going.


TikTok

 You're like a fucking machine.
 You're gonna force them into fucking retirement.
 See, you were sitting here to shine the light on lies, hypocrisy.
 destruction



TikTok

people that really play in your motherfucking face that you walked away from a long time ago



TikTok

people that really played in your motherfucking face that you walked away from long time ago and these people are watching you collect.
 I'm telling you, 44 at a time, they watching your.
 I team and watching the things that you posted, watching the things that you see.
 Some of them screen recording, you collective, and they really be thinking that you be talking about them.
 So collective, I'm just a messenger.
 Don't shoot.
 55 on the timer as I end the clock it, okay?
 This person's mad because they're black magic no longer works on you.


TikTok

 And you continue to glow up.
 And they think you're glowing up as a revenge.
 Like you're trying to not only as a revenge, but Your your income increasing, right



TikTok

people that really played in your motherfucking face that you walked away from long time ago and these people are watching you collect.
 I'm telling you, 44 at a time, they watching your.
 I team and watching the things that you posted, watching the things that you see.
 Some of them screen recording, you collective, and they really be thinking that you be talking about them.
 So collective, I'm just a messenger.
 Don't shoot.
 55 on the timer as I end the clock it, okay?
 This person's mad because they're black magic no longer works on you.


TikTok

 And you continue to glow up.
 And they think you're glowing up as a revenge.
 Like you're trying to not only as a revenge, but Your your income increasing, right?
 They think it's so you could go back to them and get validation and say, hey, I'm doing this now.
 I'm making more and you don't give a rat's ass about these people.
 You don't give 2 shits about these people.


TikTok

 You, somebody can tell you one of them just croaked.
 And it's gone.
 You do not care.
 You won't call their family.
 You won't send your condolences.
 You won't go to the funeral, you do not care.
 And you don't care if they keep sending you negative energy because you're divinely protected now.
 Your own energy is protecting you now.
 Why?
 Because you walked away from these people, especially the last person you were dealing with.


TikTok

 That person, it's like you had, let's say, 100 K in your bank account, right?
 And every day you deposit $100.
 Right?
 But that person every day stealing $200 from that account.
 Eventually, that account is gonna be wiped out.
 That's what this person did to your energy.
 They wiped you out.
 As a result, your mental health suffered, your physical health suffered.
 You couldn't concentrate, you could have focused, you couldn't, you know, create goals and go after them.


TikTok

 You were paralyzed because of this person.
 The last person you walked away from.
 And now, because you have this excess energy all to yourself, and now you don't give it out freely anymore.
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
 You don't you don't care, even if a person like checks all your boxes and you know for a fact, this person is a good person.
 You're still not overextending yourself to that type of person.


TikTok

 Because you learned your lesson and you learned your worth.
 You learned how expensive your energy is and how healing it is.
 And how beneficial it is for you.
 You understand now, everybody has the ability to do the same for themselves.
 You're not, you're not here to, to be a charity for everybody, draining yourself, to give and give and give, and leave nothing for yourself, and just be in a state of poor health, overall.


TikTok

 Now you have this excess energy, you're glowing.
 It's that energy.
 Energy glows.
 Right?
 And because you have this energy, you have the capacity to be a lot more productive and do more.
 And you're creating value and you're getting paid for that value.
 Right?
 And these people see it, they've been watching you come up for several years now.
 They've been watching you because you know what?


TikTok

 People can't forget about you.
 You're not easily, you know, it's not easy to forget you because you're very, very, very unique.
 The other day, I told you that in a typical town and city, there's usually one personality floating around in 1000s and 1000000s of bodies, but you're unique.
 Nobody could forget you.
 Right?
 That's why when you walk away, it's like a sledgehammer, hit them in the face, and reality sets in that you were the one that was providing the value in the friendship, in the relationship, in the family.


TikTok

 It was you.
 And when you walked away, all of God's favor walked away with you.
 And they see that now.
 Hmm?
 And you know what?
 This last person you walked away from tried to portray themselves as intelligent.
 Well.
 They're not so intelligent because they've been sending you black magic and their life has got to shit, yet they can't put 2 and 2 together.
 You want to know why?


TikTok

 Because they don't believe in God, and you know they don't, because they told you.
 They told you they don't believe in God.
 And you thought they were just going through a phase?
 No, this person is wicked.
 This person.


X

Well, wouldn't think twice about.
 Air conditioning.
 AC is at a given across much of Europe, which is currently sweltering through a heat wave.
 Here in France, many schools, hospitals, and homes don't have it, and that's become the focus of a fierce debate.
 Is it a central protection against extreme heat?


TikTok

And this person comes from a line of dirty witch.


X

survivor, this kind of event, it's not a big deal.
 It's not a solution.
 It's gonna help to people feel good, but it's not going to help the environment.
 I don't think it's a good thing for planets, with France battling record temperatures and parts of the country grinding to a halt.
 Now the debate on how to stay cool is heating up too.
 Turning air conditioning into a political issue ahead of next year's presidential election.
 Far right leader, Marion Lepin, has promised a massive nationwide air conditioning plan if elected.


X

 She argues the French shouldn't have to suffer through increasingly intense heat waves.
 But her rival on the far left, Jean Luc Minonchon, says installing AC everywhere would only make the problem worse by increasing energy consumption and emissions.
 But as temperatures climb, more French people are looking for relief, with some even sleeping outside.


X

 Fans and portable cooling units are flying off the shelves with long lines.


TikTok

Who pretend to be religious, and they had to do that.
 They had to, you know, transition because their community transitioned.
 So they had to appear to be religious people.
 They're not.
 Their closet, dark witches.
 Who are the biggest haters who just cannot stand anyone being better at them in anything.
 They can be better at them in the most trivial thing, and they go out and do black magic on that person.


TikTok

 They're miserable.
 And they think you're glowing up as a revenge.
 They think that your level up is so you can go back to them and tell them that you leveled up to seek their validation.
 You don't give 2 shits about these people.
 Okay?
 If they all croaked, you won't go to their funeral.
 You won't send their family condolences.
 You don't get 2 shits about these people.
 You're glad they're out of your life because your life has never been better.
 Your life right now is the best it's ever been, and it's only going up from here.


TikTok

 Until tomorrow, take care and have a good one.
 You gotta know that there's a gift in betrayal.
 There's a gift in betrayal.
 It might not truly feel like it because of what happened.


X

.
 sit down the floor.
 Yes, the one you slide into double.
 That sounds good.


X

 Yes, that's good.
 The weekend.
The government just.


TikTok

But when you truly forgive, forgive yourself, you will see the gift and what happened through.
 You will see the blessing in it, how it activates your guilts, it activates something out of you.
 to know how to move with people and activate that gift in you that got placed in you when you brought them to this world.
 We didn't ask to be in the family that was at LeBron up Inn.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They didn't like that you just walked in.
 You just chambered as portrayals.
 You expect it, we all expect the people around us to really understand and be present and appreciate us and respect us and stuff like that, and do right bias and not mislead us in the wrong way.


TikTok

 But unfortunately, when you deal with people who don't know themselves and they don't love themselves, they're not really capable of loving you.
 They incapable of loving you.
 And once you understand that, you wouldn't know who you are.
There's so many people who are literally judge people who is grieving purged that is still alive, like they did.
 Like they had a bad burn.
 If you choose.
No, North City, you would never know what it's like to have that type of burn.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You had a good perm, it's good for you, bro.
 Treat your .


X

right to it though.
 Mr. Beast, how much money did you make in 2021, sir?
 2021?
 Yes.
 I give it all away.
 I poor.
 You're poor.
 Yes, sir.
 What were your gross earnings?
 Uh, negative.
 Hey, I paid you a fuckload of taxi last year, okay?
 I did.
 Even though I didn't make money, they still make me pay.
 I don't think you're allowed to swear to that, right?
 You didn't pay me specifically.
 Gotcha.
 You're paying the country, which afforded you the opportunity to earn somebody.
 How much I get? If I give you, like, hypothetically 100 grand, can you knock, like, 150 off my tax bill?


X

 That's not for me to decide, sir.
 I'm only here to collect information.
 But I'm saying if I do, and you do that, we can get a good thing going.
 Possibly could.
 Okay. Okay.
 Are you bribing the guy?
 Are you bribing a government? Is that actual IRS agent or not? Because if so, I don't know.
 fucked.
 I never had this guy.
 This was a bit.
 Oh, no, he's legit.
 Is it a bit?
 And I'm like, literally, I get arrested tomorrow.
 You're asking the IRS guy to smell your Gucci?
but the IRS.


TikTok

I'm with respect to, you know, Sehana, and beat our father, and I'm always going on my mind from a distance and, you know, look from a distance, but as far as contact, as far as access, that's, that's, that's, that's dead, because once, once I realized what it was, I didn't need to, uh, keep going back and forth.
 You see, once a person has truly aligned themselves with someone, once your family member have aligned themselves with someone who they knows against you, they became an enemy.
 They show you they they show you that they will literally sell you out to anyone who is against you and they will they will they will want them against you so they can feel better that they're not alone being against you.


TikTok

 So if they feel like a stranger's against you, this comes, this can be strange, but it can be people that be against you, and your parents will align and join.
 I don't see things.
 They would, family would join forces with these people to be against you.
 But the whole time saying they love you, but they're around people they know against you and don't like you.
 No, bro.
 They angel peoples.
 And see, they can be the worst type of betrayal, just knowing that some of your family own blood will even sell you out.
 It comes with it, bro.
 Just understanding that, um, I don't understand, like, bro, a lot of people's not gonna truly understand.


TikTok

 Betrayal changes people, bro.
 Betrayal truly changes people.
 Like, people be out here thinking that, oh, you know, life just gone and it happens.
 You know, some people just, they ain't the same after that, bro.
 Some people think people just being mean, they simply just tired, bro.
 It made them tired.
 It made them just look at people in life different, you know what I'm saying?
 And healing, healing is a process for them.
 Bill is a process for everyone.
 Everybody heals differently.
 You can't tell someone how to heal.
 You can't tell someone when or how to, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 That's some big time, and that's on how they do it, because it's different stages and different levels to it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 A lot of people try to make people feel bad for what they have went through and endured.
 They got a right to speak up.
 They got a right to bring that to the 4th front.
 They got a right to tell their story.
 There's so many people want to make it seem like it's speaking on the past and they're speaking on the past, all because someone didn't want to take a kind of accountability.
 That's what it's based off of.
 You feel me?
 They want to act like it's from the past when clearly people didn't take accountability.
 They just wanted to move out through, move out through the world, acting like they never did what they did to you, but they know what they did to you.


TikTok

 Because guess what?
 Guilt for just like pain.
 Yeah, they living with their guilt, bro.
 Guilt fit just like pain.
 They know exactly what they did bro.
 God's dealing with them people.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You just forgive and you forgive yourself and you keep it moving, but just know that can no one make you feel bad for speaking up and telling your story, none of that.
 Just knowing that betrayal changes you and what happens and how it brings the blessing out of you, though, how it's a blessing and it has, you find your guilt, you found, and activates it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 When they activate, your gift activates, their purpose, uh, once you've seen what you've seen from the closest ones to you.


TikTok

 It's usually how it happens.
 It's usually how happens to portray them.
 Like, uh, it takes you to really
 It ain't really the outside to do it.
 That's what people don't understand.
 It's not really the outside.
 It's not strange to do it.
 It'd be the one closest to you to activate your gift straight up, it does, man.
 For some reason, it's like life has worked out like that.
 Life just it worked out like that, man.
 It came out like that.
 You know what I'm saying? To where the same people you was around all the time.


TikTok

 You didn't know these were going to be the same ones as you got older.


X

Des Cartier, Des Cartier de Merd, Regardless, regard.
 Oh


TikTok

it was, but they helped you.
 They helped you see exactly, you know what I'm saying, what you need to see about life.
 We're gonna talk, so.
 I say, I'm thankful for more people that, when it gets me, my enemies and stuff like that, because they help me, they help me.
 And that's what they know they did.
 They know they helped you.
 They know they help you because they didn't put you through that.
 You wouldn't be a bitch you are today.
 You gonna be the bitch you out today, man.
 You wouldn't be more appreciated.
 than you are like you are today, bro, straight up.
 So, like I say, man, uh, just know it's a blessing and just know, I know, I know how you feel.


TikTok

 I know how you felt.
 I know, uh, at times people think they know, they don't, they may not really truly understand, but I'm one of them people who do, you know what I'm saying?
 Because it came from up close to.
 It came from up close to me too.
 So, um, but it helped me.
 It better me.
 It's gonna make me mad and angry at him and I'm like that.


TikTok

person, just knowing that, I know, I know what to deal with.


X

Rufia, they scare the game away.
 Very well, sir.
 Tell me, then, how far away should I take my men?
 You must take them out of our lands.
 What precisely are your lands?
 These are the lands where my people lived before you, White's first came.
 I don't understand.
 We whites were not your first enemies.
 Why don't you demand back the land in Minnesota, where the Chippewa and others forced you from years before?
 The Black Hills are sacred land given to my people by Wachantonra.
 How very convenient to cloak your claims in spiritualism.


X

 And what would you say to the Mormons and others who believe that their God has given to them Indian lands in the West?
 I would say they should listen to Ochan Tronka.
 No matter what your legends say, you didn't sprout from the plains like the spring grasses, and you didn't coalesce out of the ether.
 You came out of the Minnesota woodlands, armed to the teeth, and set upon your fellow man.


X

 You massacred the Kiowa, the Omaha, the Ponka, the Oto, and the Pawnee without mercy.
 And yet, you claim the Black Hills is a private preserve bequeathed to you by the Great Spirit.
 And who gave us the guns and powder to kill our enemies?
 And who treated weapons to the Chippewa and others who drove us from our home?
 Chief Sitting Bull, the proposition that you were a peaceable people before the appearance of the white man is the most fanciful legend of all.
 You are killing each other for hundreds of moons before the first white stepped foot on this continent.


X

 You conquered those tribes, lusting for their game and their lands, just as we have now conquered you for no less noble a call.
 This is your story of my people.
 This is the truth, not legend.
looks so good.


TikTok

know what's happening.
 Yeah, it's a blessing in it all, though, for sure.
 You are going to start triggering people who are still living in delusion.
 Who are still believing in lies, and are still being duped, okay?
 By those who persuade them to believe lies, okay?
 911 on my clock and 22 on my time stamp.
 I don't know who you are, okay?


TikTok

 But you're about to have this evolution side of you.
 It's like, You were like stuck in this glass jar, right?
 Or like in this cage.
 And you broke free from that.
 No longer are you basically thinking and believing things, okay, within a limited framework, you are now expanding your spiritual gifts.


TikTok

 You are expanding your consciousness.
 You are expanding your understanding of everything that is going on in the world.
 That is going on in other people's lives.
 You are expanding how you see and how you view things and how you move forward.
 With decisions.
 11um is timestamp.
 You're breaking a cycle, you're entering a new cycle, okay?
 And that's exactly what I'm getting.


X

I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like,
I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like, oh, should have said that.
 And I didn't say a word.
Sophie Cunningham is one of the most controversial and polarizing players in the entire WNBA, so it's time to bring back an old favorite.
 Why people hate Sophie Cunningham?


X

 You may know her for her time as Caitlin Clark's teammate in Indiana, but before that, she played for the Phoenix.
 Mercury, where her time had its fair share of controversies.
 She was teammates and seemingly friends with Natasha Cloud, who was an outspoken social justice activist.
 And this was around the time of the 2024 election.
 Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, you know the one.
 And Sophie was reposting and liking Matt.
 I was just kind of pointing.


TikTok

going to be in circles trying to figure out what is true, what is false.
 going to have the gift of discernment that is going to be amplified in this season for you.
 Okay?
 I'm getting shows all over my body.
 When you start to speak about certain things, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that.
 Okay?
 They're going to be, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that because how dare you say that about this person?
 How dare you say that about this celebrity?
 How dare you say it about this influencer and all these different things?


TikTok

 And let me tell you something.
 You are about to see some deep things that people don't see because it's beyond their understanding.
 It's beyond their own inner standing, okay?
 These people believe that they're look and that they are discerning and all that stuff, but you are about to test how discerning they actually are.
 And let me tell you something.
 You're going to be God's project in this season, and it's going to come with a very heavy chunk of rewards, okay?


TikTok

 that you are about to obtain in this season.
 Oh yes, ma'am.
 Oh yes, sir.
 Get ready because God is about to make you his project.
 For you, okay?
 to basically humble people to basically tear apart, okay, the prideful egotistical framework that no longer these individuals can't keep on having, okay?


TikTok

 And what I'm getting here is, you are about to be in a place where because people are going to be offended by the things that you say, by the things that you believe in, okay, and they're going to be triggered by it.
 What's going to happen here is that they are going to start to, you know, really get so annoyed and so embarrassed that it's not going to be funny, okay?


TikTok

 What I'm getting here as well with you, all right?
 This is your moment, and you are about to get a great reward from this.
 Because your mission requires for you to be as woke as you need to be, okay?
 In order for you to obtain more, in order for you to hold more, you have to make space for more.
 And that can be in your consciousness, okay?
 That can be within your spiritual growth.
 That can be within your evolution, okay?


TikTok

 The more you grow.
 Okay?
 The more strength that you build within your character, the more.
Within your space.
 Collective.
 So that's what they out here doing.
 They out here trying to sabotage people.
 They out here trying to tell people to stay away from you.
 They don't want nobody to be around you.
 Or they may not want this particular person or particular people to be around you.
 So they may tell wise, they may say this.
 Oh yeah, you shouldn't fuck with him because I heard this, or you shouldn't fuck with him because I know this.


TikTok

 Like it may be saying a lot of things to convince this person to stay with them instead of moving on with you.
 You know, but it's like, Maybe because you they know.
 You love you.
 People around you, they glow.
 They become better.
 They get more opportunities.
 They life technically evolves hanging with you.
 And the person that they may be with, they don't want them to evolve.
 You know, they want them to stay stuck and stagnant, but hanging with you, becoming, even becoming a friend or acquaintance with you, it would make them vibe higher.


TikTok

 They would be a lot more happier.
 Like, say this person, this goddamn talking to you or texting you on the phone with you or just outside with you, and then they go home and they person see them.
 They be like, why the fuck you so jolly?
 Why the fuck is you so happy?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Well, I met this boy today.
 What boy?
 Let me see.
 Who the fuck you?
 type shit.
 You feel me?
 Or girl, remember watching?
 You feel me?
 Yeah, I met this person and they like, who, who, who, who did you meet?
 So, You know how the world, when you were chosen with the world, wants to isolate you, instead of them trying to isolate you, they're trying to isolate, like mind the individuals.


TikTok

 You get what I'm trying to say?
 They trying to keep those individuals to themselves because the more like minded individuals come together, the more shit rise.
 But, you know, but I really feel like, They're only trying to keep people away from you because of the jealousy, because of the envy, because of the insecurities.
 You know, that's only, that's, that's the only reason a man is jealous of another man.
 Even a dad can be jealous of a son, even a dad can be jealous of the guy his daughter is dating.
 The father will be jealous of him because he may look better than a nigga.


TikTok

 He may be stronger than nigga.
 He may have his head on straight or you know, sometimes a father or a parent will be mad at a child because the child is wiser than what the fuck they was at that age.
 They would hate that.
 They would be jealous of that.
 How the fuck did young niggas so smart?
 How the fuck did y'all nigga know more than me? Nigga, I'm 30.
 I'm 25 this year.
 This young nigga know more than me how.
 They would be jealous of that.
 They were, they were, they were, they were literally be jealous of your wisdom that you carry.
 Or this nigga, he's 31, but you more mature than this nigga.
Sure.


TikTok

his daughter from getting into a marriage or maybe it could be the hating ass mother, you know?
out there that trying to stop her daughter from finding true love because she don't want her daughter and the true relationship. She want her daughter and some chocolate shit because if her daughter has some toxic shit, she go on the phone with mommy.
 If daughter is in a peaceful life, she's not talking to mommy. She right here with the nigga.
 And that's the thing.
 Now mommy don't know what's going on.
 Mommy can't invade her privacy and shit like that.
 Because 9 times out of 10, let's be, let's be real, fellas, if your girl, if you and your girl going through some shit or your girl is going through some shit at work, who she going to talk to?


TikTok

 She going to call her mother.
 Even if you were, you and your girl, y'all, y'all on good terms.
 Y'all been talking, y'all been linking, y'all been chilling.
 Y'all been culling.
 Mommy, you're probably still here about that.
 Like, yeah, I was, uh, mommy, she was still gonna...
 But mommy probably hate that.
 Like, then my daughter's really having a great relationship.
 I got to sabotage it.
 I gotta fuck it up.
 Because he don't want to see her daughter want.
 She don't want to see her daughter in a better relationship than her.
 It's like a lot of people is jealous when they come to you.


TikTok

 They trying to keep a lot of people away from you.
 But sometimes, you know, God step in too, because certain niggas is not supposed to be around you, bro.
 But you know the thing.
 I don't know, bro.
 I don't I don't necessarily like things like that, bro, because why certain people can't be, but you know, niggas being weird, dickhead behavior, so you know why, like, hmm.
 But it's up to, it's like you already got the discernment like, I don't want to be around that.
 I know I should have hang with that, you know?
 So I don't even go places and stuff like that, you know?
 But it's people that be feeling like, nah, I just want to go see what shit talking about.
 I am not trying to fuck around to find out.


TikTok

 I'd already found out.
 I don't need to go figure it out.
 You know, but, I feel like with you, they want to keep people away from you.
 Because maybe the photos they will see online, y'all partying together, y'all hanging out together.
 They gonna be feeling like, damn, I'm missing out. Or like, damn, she with this new nigga. And he, he over here got,
 God, I have a man, have fun and shit.
 Like, you know, I really feel like they probably will be jealous of that, you know?
 Because, you know, you are consecrated, so you fuck around vlogs, some shit, you feel me?
 Or me, I really feel like, do you deal with a lot of content creators or you deal with a lot of entertainers?


TikTok

 Remember, let's not say that, and that's not say that.
 I not saying I'm not saying any of that, though.
 I'm not saying any of, I'm saying dealing with like hanging and talking to and topping it up type of shit.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 That type of dealing with not values and shit.
 I dont know what the fuck y'all think, you know?
 You do deal with a lot of content creators.
 You deal with a lot of creators.
 You dealt with a lot of business owners and entrepreneurs.
 You deal with a lot of entertainers and celebrities, famous people, I guess, you know, or people that got a buzz or people that's well known, you know, type shit, like you deal with a lot of those type people.


TikTok

 And I feel like in that, in that energy, a lot of people do be jealous in that world, you know, a lot of famous and people that's only come up on a rise, they do be jealous of others, you know, they be, they be secretly hating, they be secretly not trying to show support.
 You know, they they secretly only fuck with certain niggas. Like, all that cookie and mixy shit up.
 Like, I don't like, because there's no such thing as a fucking picking aside.
 I don't know what the fuck that is.
 What the fuck do you mean?
 Pick a side game.
 Like, I don't like that pick a side, dumb shit, bro.
 really don't.
 So you're telling me, If his shit hard and yes shit hard, I can only be like, I'm fuck with his shit.


TikTok

 And then if I go fuck with shit, you're going to be like, yo, you ain't going my house, you fuck with that.
 So I can't, I can't fuck with this shit either.
 No, right?
 So that's some lame shit picking us out of some goofy shit.
 If you make music, then he make music, but try and tour it together.
 I can't make music with none of y'all because if I make music with him, you're going to try to make me inherit some shit that has nothing to do with me.
 That's like a lot of you niggas not with these.
 I be joining gangs.
 I be getting jumped into games, and you fighting for, nigga.
 you don't even know.
 You're saying long live, bro, you don't even know, bro.
 know what I'm saying?
 I'm not saying that to everybody, but that's how it should be, niggas be fighting for a cause.


TikTok

 They don't even know what the fuck they fight for.
 This gang started years ago.
 This game been going off for 15 years, nigga.
 You just now coming outside.
 You don't know why.
 Why this beef started?
 This shit can be over some females.
 Nigga.
 This shit can be over a dice game.
 He mad because he lost in a dice game.
 This shit can be over some some dumb shit because niggas lost in 2K.
 And now, now he telling the homies, yeah, I don't focus that nigga no more because he, ah, ah, he did some weird shit the whole time he lost in 2K, but he got to tell the homie some bullshit just so they can beef with niggas.
 See, that's exactly what I'm saying.
 They telling people bullshit just so they won't have to hang with you just so they don't have to come around you or be around you because they don't want nobody.


TikTok

 Rubbing.
 don't want nobody around you because your good energy's going to rub off on them.
 You gotta think about it, yo.
 When you're chosen one, when you got gut energy, that rubs off on other people.
 And when you touch the hearts of everybody, doesn't that, doesn't that spread joy and peace and positivity in a world full of negativity, huh?
 Uh-uh.
 And a world full of gaslighters and manipulators, we got honest and transparent people around here.
 This is why they keep people waving.
 But the thing is, I feel like the person that's trying to keep your person away is losing control.


TikTok

 is losing the grabs, is losing grips.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Because like your person is still trying to make they wait till you.
 They never forgot about you.
 If you think your person isn't think about you right now, they is think about you, but they just in a lot of shit right now that they like, they got to figure out.
 They got to get their shit together.
 They got to get the affairs and orders, but they said, Mary, I'm coming back.
 Well, your name, not me, but, you know, uh, they said, uh, blink, fill in the blink.
 coming back. You feel what I'm saying?
 They coming back.
 But, I don't know about that.


TikTok

 Give me time shit.
 Because by the time then, like, I'm probably still gonna be single.
 But you know, what's it saying?
 You waited all that time and now this person in relationship, but now you're trying to come holler, get the fuck out of it.
 But you know, even if I'm a relationship, you could still come like, what's up?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, nah, I don't know, because I, I got to ask, I got to ask big girl about that.
 I just can't.
 I just can't say that.
 and then you think that's cool?
 Now, I got to ask, baby, girl, like, yo, can I, can I text this, this John and shit like that?
 If baby girl cool with it, then she cool with it.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 She said, nah, don't talk to her.
 I think you should talk to this one.
 Then that's not my fault.
 She said that.
 You feel me?
 She said she preferred me talking to her, not you.
 You feel me?
 So I don't know, game.
 Because I don't think that's right, though.
 I mean, is it, technically speaking, because if I'm in a relationship, I got big girl with me.
 I be chilling with her.
 But me talking to somebody else doesn't mean I'm cheating though, because I'm not flirting.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Oh, he's Michael cheating.
 He's texting high out.
 I just said, what's up, what you doing?
 Oh, you ate today?


TikTok

 Am I cheating?
 Because I asked somebody what they doing and did they eat today?
 Or she said, nah, I sent her some money.
 Oh, you cheating, why are you sending this bitch money to get some food?
 I can't say money.
 So what the fuck I get this money for?
 Just save it and not spinach it.
 She asked, she said she was hungry.
 I'm like, she ate and no, I got some food.
 So, babe, you really going to be mad at me for buying us some food?
 I bought you.
 Look, you know how many times I bought 2 foods?
 You're right.
 you're right.
 I can't even complain.
 But why the fuck you buying that bitch food?
 You got a problem with it?


TikTok

 what does she do to you?
 She never did anything to you.
 You don't even know her.
 Fuck is you mad at it for?
 So I can't, I can't have,
 I can't have people on the side.
 I can't have a own girl.
 I mean, you can, though, but like, just stop buying bitches food.
 Okay, I got you.
 My fault.
 my fault.
 I ain't know, but that was mine.
 I'm saying, though, so saying she hungry.
 Like, no, save the safety hungry, though.
 can't get her no food.
 I've been starved.
 Oh, damn.
 That's not, that's mean then.
 That's me.
 You know I'm not mean.
 So I don't be mean to you.
 you right, you're right.
 But still, stop buying these bitches food.


TikTok

 Today's an episode of How This Is Not Your Copycat.
 Your copycat, for those that may be attempting to limit you without hearing any credit, which, like I said, in previous multiple previous videos, you don't need the credit.
 just the fact that there are individuals who are attempting to see if they live in your energy, they can be like, you solely, they'll start to mimic your behaviors and things that you would like to enjoy.
 So if you have a favorite travel destination that you have shared with them, they will now say that that's their favorite.


TikTok

 If you have a favorite food, they'll now say that that's their favorite.
 We have a favorite color. They're bouncing, but that's their favorite.
 Everything that you like will become what they like because they feel like that will give them an opportunity to be here as it starts to rain, they will never be able to embody you because you are so cute.
 And I'm hearing they cannot mimic your light.
 They're not limit your energy.
 They can attempt to, but they will fail every time.
 The most high coded view and you are unique, so you better keep going.


TikTok

 One of the most beautiful things is to see you happy, to see you smile, to see you glow, to see you align with your true authentic soul, to see you finally realize the value of you and walking and standing in that, regardless of how or who, regardless of how people look at you, regardless of what tries to slow you from remaining within the alignment of you.
 It is, you were so beautiful.
 You know what I mean?
 And it's so beautiful because when you smile, it's genuine now.


TikTok

 When you feel it's genuine beast now, internally, and because you have internal peace, your external pieces is also a beautiful thing.
 You're not even in a rush no more.
 You're not trying to, you know, rush to explain yourself.
 You're not trying to rush to B places, you know what I mean?
 Everything is divinely orchestrated within your life.
 And that's so beautiful. Because with that alignment, you shine and you glow. Keep shining, mommy.
 Keep shining bro.


TikTok

 That shit is so beautiful.
 It's like very contagious.
 You know what I mean?
 When you shine, you blow, you happy, everything around you does the same thing because you're a mirror.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 And continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 Grand Rising.
 To our creator.


TikTok

 The Most High.
 When people... pull their tricks... to make you seem... mental. It's for a reason.


TikTok

 Believe it or not, you don't need to go crazy thinking about why.
 Because anyone that wants to make you seem mental and you're clearly not...
 They're a part of the show.
 You know, people do slip things like... change the subject when you bring up the show itself, don't get quiet.


TikTok

 But they'll talk about everything else.
 And you get to see who all is a part of it.
 You get to hear all the slit things that's being said.
 And you know that everyone knows, and you said it so many times, but people try to ignore you like they didn't hear what you just said.
 Because they want to keep pretending.


TikTok

 For those who are going through this, it's a very simple and effective answer.
 Graced them with your absence.
 Grace them with your absence.
 And don't go back.


TikTok

 All those people who like to pretend...
 They don't think you see them, or hear them, or sense them, because you don't respond to the BS.
 Not realizing that, do you feel the energy before you even get there?


TikTok

 Sometimes, a lot of times, the best thing to do is just pretend like it's not even happening.
 Because then they get comfortable, and they start showing their true colors.
 Even though they've already shown you before you got there, sometimes confirmation is best.
 It answers so many questions beyond them.


TikTok

 See, people don't realize that when they play the games that they play, their answering questions that you have that way above their head.
 They forget that they're mosquitoes working for other mosquitoes.
 Some call them flying monkeys.
 I don't give them such a badass name.


TikTok

 Keep watching, neighbors.
 I can sense your confusion.
 Just by the way you move.
 Oh.
 Feels good.
 Just being quiet.


TikTok

 while you watch and have your meetings and the conversations that you think are hidden.
 Between you and others like you.
 Where your organization's messed up at was, you decided to get close to me by getting to those close to me.
 Well, supposedly close to me.
 Not realizing that I take tips from a lot of different places.


TikTok

 And then one of the biggest things I've taken is from one of my favorites, Batman.
 We had a contingency plan for everyone in the Justice League.
 When you understand why, you understand why people like myself... will always have a contingency plan for every single one of the people that they come across.


TikTok

 It's not just habit, and it's necessary.
 In order to have a contingency plan for someone, you have to read them.
 You know, you don't know that, you're being read, or you just don't know how to stop it.
 You tend to go off a script.


TikTok

 And then when you come back to your script, Hmm.
 It's too late.


TikTok

 Yeah.
 Beautiful, listening.
 Keep going.
 Feels like you're winning, doesn't it?
 Feels like you're walking away with a W, doesn't it?
 Oh, man.


TikTok

 Somebody said the other day,
 Winners lose more than losers do.
 True?
 That's how they became winners.
 By learning how to accept the losses and the lessons that come with them.
 You're not afraid to lose it.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just lose on purpose.
 Imagine that.
 You got seven games in a championship.
 And you purposely lose the 1st 3 just to see what the competition is made of, knowing that you could beat them.
 But you want to do it in controlled environment.
 So you let them win, you let them win, and you let them win, at least let them think they're winning.


TikTok

 Just to snatch the rug.
 Your next phase.
 But I have one honest question, though.
 There was a statement that was made some years ago.


TikTok

 I've heard it for the first time, but made all the sense in the world.
 You want to make sure you're on the right side of history.
 So many people don't think about that.
 until it's too late.
 Are you on the right side of history in this Truman show?
 'Cause when I saw all over, there would be no explanations.


TikTok

 Just judgment.
 Call it what you will.
 Grand rising.
 You got a lot of people scratching their head, trying to wonder how you got to where you are right now.
 They cannot figure it out to save the life of them.
 Thank you, Devon, Spirit Guides.
 Ancestors, archangels, angel gods.


TikTok

 For this divine message.
 Why are people wondering so much about the Divine Collective, right?
 Please and thank you.
 Collective, I feel like... people are heartbroken 'cause they don't know who you are anymore.
 Them witnessing you go after the things that make your heart sing, is making them compare themselves to you.


TikTok

 And they don't know this version of you.
 They don't know this person that you are now.
 And with the death card out here, it's like the person that they used to know has died.
 It's like, you don't have to explain yourself to anyone, that divine has awarded you.
 Divine is paying your bills.
 to actually be yourself, and to do what it is that's in your calling, and to move away from things that no longer serve you.
 You are in the headspace now, where you have learned who you are, and you are ready to take action and go after the things that you want.


TikTok

 And I think that's where people don't understand you because you weren't like that before.
 So it leaves them scratching their head, puzzled.
 And it's causing them to really, really get in their feelings.
 They are really in their mental about it.
 When it comes to you.
 They really don't understand this new person that you are, but it's not for them to know.
 It's not for them to... fret about, but they're fretting about it.


TikTok

 These people are really upset about the new you, the new change.
 Why, Divine?
 What's to this line of swords card?
 They knew you were a star all along.
 Oh, okay, makes sense now.
 These people were the people that told you that you were never gonna be nothing in life.
 You were never gonna be able to implement anything, any desires, take any action of yours.


TikTok

 You were never going to bring those things that you wanted into your world.
 They were so convinced they knew who you were.
 And you actually going after it now is fucking them up in their hands.
 You are the star, baby.
 Yes?
 What else did Bob, please and thank you?


TikTok

 They're worried about their own finances.
 their own money.
 their own ways of which they make money.
 You have them viewing themselves, and it feels like they kind of want to come and ask you for something, ask you for help, offer you something, because they feel like they can get something out of you.
 They want you to talk to them about how they can better their lives.
 But what, Divine?


TikTok

 They see that you're being celebrated for the things that you do.
 They didn't know that you were that girl or that guy.
 They're learning you now.
 They see the way that people respect you.
 I feel like these people are people you don't deal with anymore, or had high doubts for you.


TikTok

 They, they, they're watching, and they see that the respect that you get from others.
 Seven of swords.
 Be careful.
 This person wants to come and try to rob you of your creativity.
 Use it for themselves, trying to act like they're interested, but trying to steal it.
 They don't want this to be your destiny.
 They want it to be on them.
 Whatever they think they're getting ready to try for444 on my timer, is not gonna work because we have divine justice



TikTok

people that really played in your motherfucking face that you walked away from long time ago and these people are watching you collect.
 I'm telling you, 44 at a time, they watching your.
 I team and watching the things that you posted, watching the things that you see.
 Some of them screen recording, you collective, and they really be thinking that you be talking about them.
 So collective, I'm just a messenger.
 Don't shoot.
 55 on the timer as I end the clock it, okay?
 This person's mad because they're black magic no longer works on you.


TikTok

 And you continue to glow up.
 And they think you're glowing up as a revenge.
 Like you're trying to not only as a revenge, but Your your income increasing, right?
 They think it's so you could go back to them and get validation and say, hey, I'm doing this now.
 I'm making more and you don't give a rat's ass about these people.
 You don't give 2 shits about these people.


TikTok

 You, somebody can tell you one of them just croaked.
 And it's gone.
 You do not care.
 You won't call their family.
 You won't send your condolences.
 You won't go to the funeral, you do not care.
 And you don't care if they keep sending you negative energy because you're divinely protected now.
 Your own energy is protecting you now.
 Why?
 Because you walked away from these people, especially the last person you were dealing with.


TikTok

 That person, it's like you had, let's say, 100 K in your bank account, right?
 And every day you deposit $100.
 Right?
 But that person every day stealing $200 from that account.
 Eventually, that account is gonna be wiped out.
 That's what this person did to your energy.
 They wiped you out.
 As a result, your mental health suffered, your physical health suffered.
 You couldn't concentrate, you could have focused, you couldn't, you know, create goals and go after them.


TikTok

 You were paralyzed because of this person.
 The last person you walked away from.
 And now, because you have this excess energy all to yourself, and now you don't give it out freely anymore.
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
 You don't you don't care, even if a person like checks all your boxes and you know for a fact, this person is a good person.
 You're still not overextending yourself to that type of person.


TikTok

 Because you learned your lesson and you learned your worth.
 You learned how expensive your energy is and how healing it is.
 And how beneficial it is for you.
 You understand now, everybody has the ability to do the same for themselves.
 You're not, you're not here to, to be a charity for everybody, draining yourself, to give and give and give, and leave nothing for yourself, and just be in a state of poor health, overall.


TikTok

 Now you have this excess energy, you're glowing.
 It's that energy.
 Energy glows.
 Right?
 And because you have this energy, you have the capacity to be a lot more productive and do more.
 And you're creating value and you're getting paid for that value.
 Right?
 And these people see it, they've been watching you come up for several years now.
 They've been watching you because you know what?


TikTok

 People can't forget about you.
 You're not easily, you know, it's not easy to forget you because you're very, very, very unique.
 The other day, I told you that in a typical town and city, there's usually one personality floating around in 1000s and 1000000s of bodies, but you're unique.
 Nobody could forget you.
 Right?
 That's why when you walk away, it's like a sledgehammer, hit them in the face, and reality sets in that you were the one that was providing the value in the friendship, in the relationship, in the family.


TikTok

 It was you.
 And when you walked away, all of God's favor walked away with you.
 And they see that now.
 Hmm?
 And you know what?
 This last person you walked away from tried to portray themselves as intelligent.
 Well.
 They're not so intelligent because they've been sending you black magic and their life has got to shit, yet they can't put 2 and 2 together.
 You want to know why?


TikTok

 Because they don't believe in God, and you know they don't, because they told you.
 They told you they don't believe in God.
 And you thought they were just going through a phase?
 No, this person is wicked.
 This person.


X

Well, wouldn't think twice about.
 Air conditioning.
 AC is at a given across much of Europe, which is currently sweltering through a heat wave.
 Here in France, many schools, hospitals, and homes don't have it, and that's become the focus of a fierce debate.
 Is it a central protection against extreme heat?


TikTok

And this person comes from a line of dirty witch.


X

survivor, this kind of event, it's not a big deal.
 It's not a solution.
 It's gonna help to people feel good, but it's not going to help the environment.
 I don't think it's a good thing for planets, with France battling record temperatures and parts of the country grinding to a halt.
 Now the debate on how to stay cool is heating up too.
 Turning air conditioning into a political issue ahead of next year's presidential election.
 Far right leader, Marion Lepin, has promised a massive nationwide air conditioning plan if elected.


X

 She argues the French shouldn't have to suffer through increasingly intense heat waves.
 But her rival on the far left, Jean Luc Minonchon, says installing AC everywhere would only make the problem worse by increasing energy consumption and emissions.
 But as temperatures climb, more French people are looking for relief, with some even sleeping outside.


X

 Fans and portable cooling units are flying off the shelves with long lines.


TikTok

Who pretend to be religious, and they had to do that.
 They had to, you know, transition because their community transitioned.
 So they had to appear to be religious people.
 They're not.
 Their closet, dark witches.
 Who are the biggest haters who just cannot stand anyone being better at them in anything.
 They can be better at them in the most trivial thing, and they go out and do black magic on that person.


TikTok

 They're miserable.
 And they think you're glowing up as a revenge.
 They think that your level up is so you can go back to them and tell them that you leveled up to seek their validation.
 You don't give 2 shits about these people.
 Okay?
 If they all croaked, you won't go to their funeral.
 You won't send their family condolences.
 You don't get 2 shits about these people.
 You're glad they're out of your life because your life has never been better.
 Your life right now is the best it's ever been, and it's only going up from here.


TikTok

 Until tomorrow, take care and have a good one.
 You gotta know that there's a gift in betrayal.
 There's a gift in betrayal.
 It might not truly feel like it because of what happened.


X

.
 sit down the floor.
 Yes, the one you slide into double.
 That sounds good.


X

 Yes, that's good.
 The weekend.
The government just.


TikTok

But when you truly forgive, forgive yourself, you will see the gift and what happened through.
 You will see the blessing in it, how it activates your guilts, it activates something out of you.
 to know how to move with people and activate that gift in you that got placed in you when you brought them to this world.
 We didn't ask to be in the family that was at LeBron up Inn.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They didn't like that you just walked in.
 You just chambered as portrayals.
 You expect it, we all expect the people around us to really understand and be present and appreciate us and respect us and stuff like that, and do right bias and not mislead us in the wrong way.


TikTok

 But unfortunately, when you deal with people who don't know themselves and they don't love themselves, they're not really capable of loving you.
 They incapable of loving you.
 And once you understand that, you wouldn't know who you are.
There's so many people who are literally judge people who is grieving purged that is still alive, like they did.
 Like they had a bad burn.
 If you choose.
No, North City, you would never know what it's like to have that type of burn.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You had a good perm, it's good for you, bro.
 Treat your .


X

right to it though.
 Mr. Beast, how much money did you make in 2021, sir?
 2021?
 Yes.
 I give it all away.
 I poor.
 You're poor.
 Yes, sir.
 What were your gross earnings?
 Uh, negative.
 Hey, I paid you a fuckload of taxi last year, okay?
 I did.
 Even though I didn't make money, they still make me pay.
 I don't think you're allowed to swear to that, right?
 You didn't pay me specifically.
 Gotcha.
 You're paying the country, which afforded you the opportunity to earn somebody.
 How much I get? If I give you, like, hypothetically 100 grand, can you knock, like, 150 off my tax bill?


X

 That's not for me to decide, sir.
 I'm only here to collect information.
 But I'm saying if I do, and you do that, we can get a good thing going.
 Possibly could.
 Okay. Okay.
 Are you bribing the guy?
 Are you bribing a government? Is that actual IRS agent or not? Because if so, I don't know.
 fucked.
 I never had this guy.
 This was a bit.
 Oh, no, he's legit.
 Is it a bit?
 And I'm like, literally, I get arrested tomorrow.
 You're asking the IRS guy to smell your Gucci?
but the IRS.


TikTok

I'm with respect to, you know, Sehana, and beat our father, and I'm always going on my mind from a distance and, you know, look from a distance, but as far as contact, as far as access, that's, that's, that's, that's dead, because once, once I realized what it was, I didn't need to, uh, keep going back and forth.
 You see, once a person has truly aligned themselves with someone, once your family member have aligned themselves with someone who they knows against you, they became an enemy.
 They show you they they show you that they will literally sell you out to anyone who is against you and they will they will they will want them against you so they can feel better that they're not alone being against you.


TikTok

 So if they feel like a stranger's against you, this comes, this can be strange, but it can be people that be against you, and your parents will align and join.
 I don't see things.
 They would, family would join forces with these people to be against you.
 But the whole time saying they love you, but they're around people they know against you and don't like you.
 No, bro.
 They angel peoples.
 And see, they can be the worst type of betrayal, just knowing that some of your family own blood will even sell you out.
 It comes with it, bro.
 Just understanding that, um, I don't understand, like, bro, a lot of people's not gonna truly understand.


TikTok

 Betrayal changes people, bro.
 Betrayal truly changes people.
 Like, people be out here thinking that, oh, you know, life just gone and it happens.
 You know, some people just, they ain't the same after that, bro.
 Some people think people just being mean, they simply just tired, bro.
 It made them tired.
 It made them just look at people in life different, you know what I'm saying?
 And healing, healing is a process for them.
 Bill is a process for everyone.
 Everybody heals differently.
 You can't tell someone how to heal.
 You can't tell someone when or how to, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 That's some big time, and that's on how they do it, because it's different stages and different levels to it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 A lot of people try to make people feel bad for what they have went through and endured.
 They got a right to speak up.
 They got a right to bring that to the 4th front.
 They got a right to tell their story.
 There's so many people want to make it seem like it's speaking on the past and they're speaking on the past, all because someone didn't want to take a kind of accountability.
 That's what it's based off of.
 You feel me?
 They want to act like it's from the past when clearly people didn't take accountability.
 They just wanted to move out through, move out through the world, acting like they never did what they did to you, but they know what they did to you.


TikTok

 Because guess what?
 Guilt for just like pain.
 Yeah, they living with their guilt, bro.
 Guilt fit just like pain.
 They know exactly what they did bro.
 God's dealing with them people.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You just forgive and you forgive yourself and you keep it moving, but just know that can no one make you feel bad for speaking up and telling your story, none of that.
 Just knowing that betrayal changes you and what happens and how it brings the blessing out of you, though, how it's a blessing and it has, you find your guilt, you found, and activates it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 When they activate, your gift activates, their purpose, uh, once you've seen what you've seen from the closest ones to you.


TikTok

 It's usually how it happens.
 It's usually how happens to portray them.
 Like, uh, it takes you to really
 It ain't really the outside to do it.
 That's what people don't understand.
 It's not really the outside.
 It's not strange to do it.
 It'd be the one closest to you to activate your gift straight up, it does, man.
 For some reason, it's like life has worked out like that.
 Life just it worked out like that, man.
 It came out like that.
 You know what I'm saying? To where the same people you was around all the time.


TikTok

 You didn't know these were going to be the same ones as you got older.


X

Des Cartier, Des Cartier de Merd, Regardless, regard.
 Oh


TikTok

it was, but they helped you.
 They helped you see exactly, you know what I'm saying, what you need to see about life.
 We're gonna talk, so.
 I say, I'm thankful for more people that, when it gets me, my enemies and stuff like that, because they help me, they help me.
 And that's what they know they did.
 They know they helped you.
 They know they help you because they didn't put you through that.
 You wouldn't be a bitch you are today.
 You gonna be the bitch you out today, man.
 You wouldn't be more appreciated.
 than you are like you are today, bro, straight up.
 So, like I say, man, uh, just know it's a blessing and just know, I know, I know how you feel.


TikTok

 I know how you felt.
 I know, uh, at times people think they know, they don't, they may not really truly understand, but I'm one of them people who do, you know what I'm saying?
 Because it came from up close to.
 It came from up close to me too.
 So, um, but it helped me.
 It better me.
 It's gonna make me mad and angry at him and I'm like that.


TikTok

person, just knowing that, I know, I know what to deal with.


X

Rufia, they scare the game away.
 Very well, sir.
 Tell me, then, how far away should I take my men?
 You must take them out of our lands.
 What precisely are your lands?
 These are the lands where my people lived before you, White's first came.
 I don't understand.
 We whites were not your first enemies.
 Why don't you demand back the land in Minnesota, where the Chippewa and others forced you from years before?
 The Black Hills are sacred land given to my people by Wachantonra.
 How very convenient to cloak your claims in spiritualism.


X

 And what would you say to the Mormons and others who believe that their God has given to them Indian lands in the West?
 I would say they should listen to Ochan Tronka.
 No matter what your legends say, you didn't sprout from the plains like the spring grasses, and you didn't coalesce out of the ether.
 You came out of the Minnesota woodlands, armed to the teeth, and set upon your fellow man.


X

 You massacred the Kiowa, the Omaha, the Ponka, the Oto, and the Pawnee without mercy.
 And yet, you claim the Black Hills is a private preserve bequeathed to you by the Great Spirit.
 And who gave us the guns and powder to kill our enemies?
 And who treated weapons to the Chippewa and others who drove us from our home?
 Chief Sitting Bull, the proposition that you were a peaceable people before the appearance of the white man is the most fanciful legend of all.
 You are killing each other for hundreds of moons before the first white stepped foot on this continent.


X

 You conquered those tribes, lusting for their game and their lands, just as we have now conquered you for no less noble a call.
 This is your story of my people.
 This is the truth, not legend.
looks so good.


TikTok

know what's happening.
 Yeah, it's a blessing in it all, though, for sure.
 You are going to start triggering people who are still living in delusion.
 Who are still believing in lies, and are still being duped, okay?
 By those who persuade them to believe lies, okay?
 911 on my clock and 22 on my time stamp.
 I don't know who you are, okay?


TikTok

 But you're about to have this evolution side of you.
 It's like, You were like stuck in this glass jar, right?
 Or like in this cage.
 And you broke free from that.
 No longer are you basically thinking and believing things, okay, within a limited framework, you are now expanding your spiritual gifts.


TikTok

 You are expanding your consciousness.
 You are expanding your understanding of everything that is going on in the world.
 That is going on in other people's lives.
 You are expanding how you see and how you view things and how you move forward.
 With decisions.
 11um is timestamp.
 You're breaking a cycle, you're entering a new cycle, okay?
 And that's exactly what I'm getting.


X

I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like,
I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like, oh, should have said that.
 And I didn't say a word.
Sophie Cunningham is one of the most controversial and polarizing players in the entire WNBA, so it's time to bring back an old favorite.
 Why people hate Sophie Cunningham?


X

 You may know her for her time as Caitlin Clark's teammate in Indiana, but before that, she played for the Phoenix.
 Mercury, where her time had its fair share of controversies.
 She was teammates and seemingly friends with Natasha Cloud, who was an outspoken social justice activist.
 And this was around the time of the 2024 election.
 Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, you know the one.
 And Sophie was reposting and liking Matt.
 I was just kind of pointing.


TikTok

going to be in circles trying to figure out what is true, what is false.
 going to have the gift of discernment that is going to be amplified in this season for you.
 Okay?
 I'm getting shows all over my body.
 When you start to speak about certain things, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that.
 Okay?
 They're going to be, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that because how dare you say that about this person?
 How dare you say that about this celebrity?
 How dare you say it about this influencer and all these different things?


TikTok

 And let me tell you something.
 You are about to see some deep things that people don't see because it's beyond their understanding.
 It's beyond their own inner standing, okay?
 These people believe that they're look and that they are discerning and all that stuff, but you are about to test how discerning they actually are.
 And let me tell you something.
 You're going to be God's project in this season, and it's going to come with a very heavy chunk of rewards, okay?


TikTok

 that you are about to obtain in this season.
 Oh yes, ma'am.
 Oh yes, sir.
 Get ready because God is about to make you his project.
 For you, okay?
 to basically humble people to basically tear apart, okay, the prideful egotistical framework that no longer these individuals can't keep on having, okay?


TikTok

 And what I'm getting here is, you are about to be in a place where because people are going to be offended by the things that you say, by the things that you believe in, okay, and they're going to be triggered by it.
 What's going to happen here is that they are going to start to, you know, really get so annoyed and so embarrassed that it's not going to be funny, okay?


TikTok

 What I'm getting here as well with you, all right?
 This is your moment, and you are about to get a great reward from this.
 Because your mission requires for you to be as woke as you need to be, okay?
 In order for you to obtain more, in order for you to hold more, you have to make space for more.
 And that can be in your consciousness, okay?
 That can be within your spiritual growth.
 That can be within your evolution, okay?


TikTok

 The more you grow.
 Okay?
 The more strength that you build within your character, the more.
Within your space.
 Collective.
 So that's what they out here doing.
 They out here trying to sabotage people.
 They out here trying to tell people to stay away from you.
 They don't want nobody to be around you.
 Or they may not want this particular person or particular people to be around you.
 So they may tell wise, they may say this.
 Oh yeah, you shouldn't fuck with him because I heard this, or you shouldn't fuck with him because I know this.


TikTok

 Like it may be saying a lot of things to convince this person to stay with them instead of moving on with you.
 You know, but it's like, Maybe because you they know.
 You love you.
 People around you, they glow.
 They become better.
 They get more opportunities.
 They life technically evolves hanging with you.
 And the person that they may be with, they don't want them to evolve.
 You know, they want them to stay stuck and stagnant, but hanging with you, becoming, even becoming a friend or acquaintance with you, it would make them vibe higher.


TikTok

 They would be a lot more happier.
 Like, say this person, this goddamn talking to you or texting you on the phone with you or just outside with you, and then they go home and they person see them.
 They be like, why the fuck you so jolly?
 Why the fuck is you so happy?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Well, I met this boy today.
 What boy?
 Let me see.
 Who the fuck you?
 type shit.
 You feel me?
 Or girl, remember watching?
 You feel me?
 Yeah, I met this person and they like, who, who, who, who did you meet?
 So, You know how the world, when you were chosen with the world, wants to isolate you, instead of them trying to isolate you, they're trying to isolate, like mind the individuals.


TikTok

 You get what I'm trying to say?
 They trying to keep those individuals to themselves because the more like minded individuals come together, the more shit rise.
 But, you know, but I really feel like, They're only trying to keep people away from you because of the jealousy, because of the envy, because of the insecurities.
 You know, that's only, that's, that's the only reason a man is jealous of another man.
 Even a dad can be jealous of a son, even a dad can be jealous of the guy his daughter is dating.
 The father will be jealous of him because he may look better than a nigga.


TikTok

 He may be stronger than nigga.
 He may have his head on straight or you know, sometimes a father or a parent will be mad at a child because the child is wiser than what the fuck they was at that age.
 They would hate that.
 They would be jealous of that.
 How the fuck did young niggas so smart?
 How the fuck did y'all nigga know more than me? Nigga, I'm 30.
 I'm 25 this year.
 This young nigga know more than me how.
 They would be jealous of that.
 They were, they were, they were, they were literally be jealous of your wisdom that you carry.
 Or this nigga, he's 31, but you more mature than this nigga.
Sure.


TikTok

his daughter from getting into a marriage or maybe it could be the hating ass mother, you know?
out there that trying to stop her daughter from finding true love because she don't want her daughter and the true relationship. She want her daughter and some chocolate shit because if her daughter has some toxic shit, she go on the phone with mommy.
 If daughter is in a peaceful life, she's not talking to mommy. She right here with the nigga.
 And that's the thing.
 Now mommy don't know what's going on.
 Mommy can't invade her privacy and shit like that.
 Because 9 times out of 10, let's be, let's be real, fellas, if your girl, if you and your girl going through some shit or your girl is going through some shit at work, who she going to talk to?


TikTok

 She going to call her mother.
 Even if you were, you and your girl, y'all, y'all on good terms.
 Y'all been talking, y'all been linking, y'all been chilling.
 Y'all been culling.
 Mommy, you're probably still here about that.
 Like, yeah, I was, uh, mommy, she was still gonna...
 But mommy probably hate that.
 Like, then my daughter's really having a great relationship.
 I got to sabotage it.
 I gotta fuck it up.
 Because he don't want to see her daughter want.
 She don't want to see her daughter in a better relationship than her.
 It's like a lot of people is jealous when they come to you.


TikTok

 They trying to keep a lot of people away from you.
 But sometimes, you know, God step in too, because certain niggas is not supposed to be around you, bro.
 But you know the thing.
 I don't know, bro.
 I don't I don't necessarily like things like that, bro, because why certain people can't be, but you know, niggas being weird, dickhead behavior, so you know why, like, hmm.
 But it's up to, it's like you already got the discernment like, I don't want to be around that.
 I know I should have hang with that, you know?
 So I don't even go places and stuff like that, you know?
 But it's people that be feeling like, nah, I just want to go see what shit talking about.
 I am not trying to fuck around to find out.


TikTok

 I'd already found out.
 I don't need to go figure it out.
 You know, but, I feel like with you, they want to keep people away from you.
 Because maybe the photos they will see online, y'all partying together, y'all hanging out together.
 They gonna be feeling like, damn, I'm missing out. Or like, damn, she with this new nigga. And he, he over here got,
 God, I have a man, have fun and shit.
 Like, you know, I really feel like they probably will be jealous of that, you know?
 Because, you know, you are consecrated, so you fuck around vlogs, some shit, you feel me?
 Or me, I really feel like, do you deal with a lot of content creators or you deal with a lot of entertainers?


TikTok

 Remember, let's not say that, and that's not say that.
 I not saying I'm not saying any of that, though.
 I'm not saying any of, I'm saying dealing with like hanging and talking to and topping it up type of shit.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 That type of dealing with not values and shit.
 I dont know what the fuck y'all think, you know?
 You do deal with a lot of content creators.
 You deal with a lot of creators.
 You dealt with a lot of business owners and entrepreneurs.
 You deal with a lot of entertainers and celebrities, famous people, I guess, you know, or people that got a buzz or people that's well known, you know, type shit, like you deal with a lot of those type people.


TikTok

 And I feel like in that, in that energy, a lot of people do be jealous in that world, you know, a lot of famous and people that's only come up on a rise, they do be jealous of others, you know, they be, they be secretly hating, they be secretly not trying to show support.
 You know, they they secretly only fuck with certain niggas. Like, all that cookie and mixy shit up.
 Like, I don't like, because there's no such thing as a fucking picking aside.
 I don't know what the fuck that is.
 What the fuck do you mean?
 Pick a side game.
 Like, I don't like that pick a side, dumb shit, bro.
 really don't.
 So you're telling me, If his shit hard and yes shit hard, I can only be like, I'm fuck with his shit.


TikTok

 And then if I go fuck with shit, you're going to be like, yo, you ain't going my house, you fuck with that.
 So I can't, I can't fuck with this shit either.
 No, right?
 So that's some lame shit picking us out of some goofy shit.
 If you make music, then he make music, but try and tour it together.
 I can't make music with none of y'all because if I make music with him, you're going to try to make me inherit some shit that has nothing to do with me.
 That's like a lot of you niggas not with these.
 I be joining gangs.
 I be getting jumped into games, and you fighting for, nigga.
 you don't even know.
 You're saying long live, bro, you don't even know, bro.
 know what I'm saying?
 I'm not saying that to everybody, but that's how it should be, niggas be fighting for a cause.


TikTok

 They don't even know what the fuck they fight for.
 This gang started years ago.
 This game been going off for 15 years, nigga.
 You just now coming outside.
 You don't know why.
 Why this beef started?
 This shit can be over some females.
 Nigga.
 This shit can be over a dice game.
 He mad because he lost in a dice game.
 This shit can be over some some dumb shit because niggas lost in 2K.
 And now, now he telling the homies, yeah, I don't focus that nigga no more because he, ah, ah, he did some weird shit the whole time he lost in 2K, but he got to tell the homie some bullshit just so they can beef with niggas.
 See, that's exactly what I'm saying.
 They telling people bullshit just so they won't have to hang with you just so they don't have to come around you or be around you because they don't want nobody.


TikTok

 Rubbing.
 don't want nobody around you because your good energy's going to rub off on them.
 You gotta think about it, yo.
 When you're chosen one, when you got gut energy, that rubs off on other people.
 And when you touch the hearts of everybody, doesn't that, doesn't that spread joy and peace and positivity in a world full of negativity, huh?
 Uh-uh.
 And a world full of gaslighters and manipulators, we got honest and transparent people around here.
 This is why they keep people waving.
 But the thing is, I feel like the person that's trying to keep your person away is losing control.


TikTok

 is losing the grabs, is losing grips.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Because like your person is still trying to make they wait till you.
 They never forgot about you.
 If you think your person isn't think about you right now, they is think about you, but they just in a lot of shit right now that they like, they got to figure out.
 They got to get their shit together.
 They got to get the affairs and orders, but they said, Mary, I'm coming back.
 Well, your name, not me, but, you know, uh, they said, uh, blink, fill in the blink.
 coming back. You feel what I'm saying?
 They coming back.
 But, I don't know about that.


TikTok

 Give me time shit.
 Because by the time then, like, I'm probably still gonna be single.
 But you know, what's it saying?
 You waited all that time and now this person in relationship, but now you're trying to come holler, get the fuck out of it.
 But you know, even if I'm a relationship, you could still come like, what's up?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, nah, I don't know, because I, I got to ask, I got to ask big girl about that.
 I just can't.
 I just can't say that.
 and then you think that's cool?
 Now, I got to ask, baby, girl, like, yo, can I, can I text this, this John and shit like that?
 If baby girl cool with it, then she cool with it.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 She said, nah, don't talk to her.
 I think you should talk to this one.
 Then that's not my fault.
 She said that.
 You feel me?
 She said she preferred me talking to her, not you.
 You feel me?
 So I don't know, game.
 Because I don't think that's right, though.
 I mean, is it, technically speaking, because if I'm in a relationship, I got big girl with me.
 I be chilling with her.
 But me talking to somebody else doesn't mean I'm cheating though, because I'm not flirting.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Oh, he's Michael cheating.
 He's texting high out.
 I just said, what's up, what you doing?
 Oh, you ate today?


TikTok

 Am I cheating?
 Because I asked somebody what they doing and did they eat today?
 Or she said, nah, I sent her some money.
 Oh, you cheating, why are you sending this bitch money to get some food?
 I can't say money.
 So what the fuck I get this money for?
 Just save it and not spinach it.
 She asked, she said she was hungry.
 I'm like, she ate and no, I got some food.
 So, babe, you really going to be mad at me for buying us some food?
 I bought you.
 Look, you know how many times I bought 2 foods?
 You're right.
 you're right.
 I can't even complain.
 But why the fuck you buying that bitch food?
 You got a problem with it?


TikTok

 what does she do to you?
 She never did anything to you.
 You don't even know her.
 Fuck is you mad at it for?
 So I can't, I can't have,
 I can't have people on the side.
 I can't have a own girl.
 I mean, you can, though, but like, just stop buying bitches food.
 Okay, I got you.
 My fault.
 my fault.
 I ain't know, but that was mine.
 I'm saying, though, so saying she hungry.
 Like, no, save the safety hungry, though.
 can't get her no food.
 I've been starved.
 Oh, damn.
 That's not, that's mean then.
 That's me.
 You know I'm not mean.
 So I don't be mean to you.
 you right, you're right.
 But still, stop buying these bitches food.


TikTok

 Today's an episode of How This Is Not Your Copycat.
 Your copycat, for those that may be attempting to limit you without hearing any credit, which, like I said, in previous multiple previous videos, you don't need the credit.
 just the fact that there are individuals who are attempting to see if they live in your energy, they can be like, you solely, they'll start to mimic your behaviors and things that you would like to enjoy.
 So if you have a favorite travel destination that you have shared with them, they will now say that that's their favorite.


TikTok

 If you have a favorite food, they'll now say that that's their favorite.
 We have a favorite color. They're bouncing, but that's their favorite.
 Everything that you like will become what they like because they feel like that will give them an opportunity to be here as it starts to rain, they will never be able to embody you because you are so cute.
 And I'm hearing they cannot mimic your light.
 They're not limit your energy.
 They can attempt to, but they will fail every time.
 The most high coded view and you are unique, so you better keep going.


TikTok

 One of the most beautiful things is to see you happy, to see you smile, to see you glow, to see you align with your true authentic soul, to see you finally realize the value of you and walking and standing in that, regardless of how or who, regardless of how people look at you, regardless of what tries to slow you from remaining within the alignment of you.
 It is, you were so beautiful.
 You know what I mean?
 And it's so beautiful because when you smile, it's genuine now.


TikTok

 When you feel it's genuine beast now, internally, and because you have internal peace, your external pieces is also a beautiful thing.
 You're not even in a rush no more.
 You're not trying to, you know, rush to explain yourself.
 You're not trying to rush to B places, you know what I mean?
 Everything is divinely orchestrated within your life.
 And that's so beautiful. Because with that alignment, you shine and you glow. Keep shining, mommy.
 Keep shining bro.


TikTok

 That shit is so beautiful.
 It's like very contagious.
 You know what I mean?
 When you shine, you blow, you happy, everything around you does the same thing because you're a mirror.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 And continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 Grand Rising.
 To our creator.


TikTok

 The Most High.
 When people... pull their tricks... to make you seem... mental. It's for a reason.


TikTok

 Believe it or not, you don't need to go crazy thinking about why.
 Because anyone that wants to make you seem mental and you're clearly not...
 They're a part of the show.
 You know, people do slip things like... change the subject when you bring up the show itself, don't get quiet.


TikTok

 But they'll talk about everything else.
 And you get to see who all is a part of it.
 You get to hear all the slit things that's being said.
 And you know that everyone knows, and you said it so many times, but people try to ignore you like they didn't hear what you just said.
 Because they want to keep pretending.


TikTok

 For those who are going through this, it's a very simple and effective answer.
 Graced them with your absence.
 Grace them with your absence.
 And don't go back.


TikTok

 All those people who like to pretend...
 They don't think you see them, or hear them, or sense them, because you don't respond to the BS.
 Not realizing that, do you feel the energy before you even get there?


TikTok

 Sometimes, a lot of times, the best thing to do is just pretend like it's not even happening.
 Because then they get comfortable, and they start showing their true colors.
 Even though they've already shown you before you got there, sometimes confirmation is best.
 It answers so many questions beyond them.


TikTok

 See, people don't realize that when they play the games that they play, their answering questions that you have that way above their head.
 They forget that they're mosquitoes working for other mosquitoes.
 Some call them flying monkeys.
 I don't give them such a badass name.


TikTok

 Keep watching, neighbors.
 I can sense your confusion.
 Just by the way you move.
 Oh.
 Feels good.
 Just being quiet.


TikTok

 while you watch and have your meetings and the conversations that you think are hidden.
 Between you and others like you.
 Where your organization's messed up at was, you decided to get close to me by getting to those close to me.
 Well, supposedly close to me.
 Not realizing that I take tips from a lot of different places.


TikTok

 And then one of the biggest things I've taken is from one of my favorites, Batman.
 We had a contingency plan for everyone in the Justice League.
 When you understand why, you understand why people like myself... will always have a contingency plan for every single one of the people that they come across.


TikTok

 It's not just habit, and it's necessary.
 In order to have a contingency plan for someone, you have to read them.
 You know, you don't know that, you're being read, or you just don't know how to stop it.
 You tend to go off a script.


TikTok

 And then when you come back to your script, Hmm.
 It's too late.


TikTok

 Yeah.
 Beautiful, listening.
 Keep going.
 Feels like you're winning, doesn't it?
 Feels like you're walking away with a W, doesn't it?
 Oh, man.


TikTok

 Somebody said the other day,
 Winners lose more than losers do.
 True?
 That's how they became winners.
 By learning how to accept the losses and the lessons that come with them.
 You're not afraid to lose it.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just lose on purpose.
 Imagine that.
 You got seven games in a championship.
 And you purposely lose the 1st 3 just to see what the competition is made of, knowing that you could beat them.
 But you want to do it in controlled environment.
 So you let them win, you let them win, and you let them win, at least let them think they're winning.


TikTok

 Just to snatch the rug.
 Your next phase.
 But I have one honest question, though.
 There was a statement that was made some years ago.


TikTok

 I've heard it for the first time, but made all the sense in the world.
 You want to make sure you're on the right side of history.
 So many people don't think about that.
 until it's too late.
 Are you on the right side of history in this Truman show?
 'Cause when I saw all over, there would be no explanations.


TikTok

 Just judgment.
 Call it what you will.
 Grand rising.
 You got a lot of people scratching their head, trying to wonder how you got to where you are right now.
 They cannot figure it out to save the life of them.
 Thank you, Devon, Spirit Guides.
 Ancestors, archangels, angel gods.


TikTok

 For this divine message.
 Why are people wondering so much about the Divine Collective, right?
 Please and thank you.
 Collective, I feel like... people are heartbroken 'cause they don't know who you are anymore.
 Them witnessing you go after the things that make your heart sing, is making them compare themselves to you.


TikTok

 And they don't know this version of you.
 They don't know this person that you are now.
 And with the death card out here, it's like the person that they used to know has died.
 It's like, you don't have to explain yourself to anyone, that divine has awarded you.
 Divine is paying your bills.
 to actually be yourself, and to do what it is that's in your calling, and to move away from things that no longer serve you.
 You are in the headspace now, where you have learned who you are, and you are ready to take action and go after the things that you want.


TikTok

 And I think that's where people don't understand you because you weren't like that before.
 So it leaves them scratching their head, puzzled.
 And it's causing them to really, really get in their feelings.
 They are really in their mental about it.
 When it comes to you.
 They really don't understand this new person that you are, but it's not for them to know.
 It's not for them to... fret about, but they're fretting about it.


TikTok

 These people are really upset about the new you, the new change.
 Why, Divine?
 What's to this line of swords card?
 They knew you were a star all along.
 Oh, okay, makes sense now.
 These people were the people that told you that you were never gonna be nothing in life.
 You were never gonna be able to implement anything, any desires, take any action of yours.


TikTok

 You were never going to bring those things that you wanted into your world.
 They were so convinced they knew who you were.
 And you actually going after it now is fucking them up in their hands.
 You are the star, baby.
 Yes?
 What else did Bob, please and thank you?


TikTok

 They're worried about their own finances.
 their own money.
 their own ways of which they make money.
 You have them viewing themselves, and it feels like they kind of want to come and ask you for something, ask you for help, offer you something, because they feel like they can get something out of you.
 They want you to talk to them about how they can better their lives.
 But what, Divine?


TikTok

 They see that you're being celebrated for the things that you do.
 They didn't know that you were that girl or that guy.
 They're learning you now.
 They see the way that people respect you.
 I feel like these people are people you don't deal with anymore, or had high doubts for you.


TikTok

 They, they, they're watching, and they see that the respect that you get from others.
 Seven of swords.
 Be careful.
 This person wants to come and try to rob you of your creativity.
 Use it for themselves, trying to act like they're interested, but trying to steal it.
 They don't want this to be your destiny.
 They want it to be on them.
 Whatever they think they're getting ready to try for 444 on my timer, it's not gonna work because we have divine justice.


TikTok

 You worked very hard on the things that you're doing right now.
 And Devon is not gonna allow somebody to just come in and take from you.
 So your protection is up, okay?
 Queen of want.
 Confirmation, I feel like this person is watching you, trying to figure out how you do your things.
 This person is trying to watch you, copy your source.
 Try to imitate you.


TikTok

 Trying to be just like you, without giving you credit for your things.
 Why are you lovely?
 Our immature energy.
 Peaking, peering into your world.
 Looking.
 Trying to see how you make your money.


TikTok

 Tell me more about this energy, Devine.
 Please and thank you.
 Let's get into the meat.
 of it all.
 Me and potatoes, of it all.
 Why does this person wanna come back?
 into collect this world.
 You're not interested in this person because you realize they weren't shit?


TikTok

 Maybe it was a ex.
 Or ex friend.
 who tried to doubt you, and put in your head that you were never gonna be anything.
 They're watching you looking all through your damn comments.
 That's how they know people respect and love you, and like you.
 That you have a lot of respect from people.
 Confirmation to the fake account.


TikTok

 I want you back.
 Didn't know your worth.
 Now they're desperate, too little, too late.
 That's what it is.
 This person, when you were together with them as a friend or a relationship, had a lot to say, blame on your self confidence.
 You never gonna be nothing.
 Look at you.
 So broke, you're never gonna be anything.
 You ain't that person.
 You ain't that guy, you ain't that girl.
 Look at you, you big lug.
 You know, just talking down to you.


TikTok

 And now that the connection is, you are the person that you always knew you could be.
 Maybe you've moved on, and a new purse, but a new person.
 They were a happiness hater.
 They don't like that you're doing it without them, and they're not a part of this.
 And you just don't give a fuck.
 You don't care.


TikTok

 They want to stop your happiness.
 Love, triangle, maybe this person cheated on you in the past.
 Or tried to get you tripped up with someone, if this was an ex friend.
 And they don't got no money.
 That's why they want you to come in and steal your ideas.
 They broke.
 And they still thinking about you.


TikTok

 The love you gave.
 You are a superstar, Devon Collective.
 You got a brilliant mind, and all the actions that you're taking for yourself, is setting things straight now.
 Anything that anyone had to say about you is being proven wrong right in front of their face.
 They gotta watch you shine, and that's just what it's gonna be.
 I love you, Divine Collective.
 Bye.


X

Teammates would be pissed, but like they are, they're definitely targeting her in, in the league and the refs do nothing to protect her.
 I, I mean, let's get into this now.
 The, the, the, the poster that they dropped last night, like the 30 year commemorative thing, which that you're on it, that's cool.
 Why would you ever put me on it?
 But people are up in arms that Caitlin's not on it.
 And then also watching her get kind of her ass kicked last night.
 I, like, I do see everyone being like, why does the league not protect this person?


X

 Like, I don't want to get in beef with Kathy either, but it's like, it is like she's jealous of her or like thinks that like because she's a bigger face than her or like anyone the WNBA's had that she like won't give her the platform.
 It's fucking so weird.
 It's so bizarre.
 It is a joke.
 It is a joke.
 And this is why Kathy in the WNBA is getting lit up on social media because you are leaving out a generational, the best player to ever go through WNBA on this roster.


X

 Like, and like, honestly, if they were smart, They would market this shit out of some of us.
 They don't.
 They don't, at least.
 I should never, that should be, that should be Caitlin.
 That should be Kelsey Mitchell.
 That should be Aaliyah Boston.
 Like, why are we putting random players on there?
 I'm one of them.
 Do you know do you know if she has beef with other big people who aren't on this?
 Like, Diana or Sue or like, I don't think Candace Parker's on here.
 Like it is a bit strange.


X

 There's just a lot of this isn't even, I don't eat, I don't know, dude.
 I literally don't know.
 But what we do makes no sense, but I'm not kidding.
 Like, even the people they put on the commercials, like, they, they could,
 If they're really trying to make money, they are going to put people out there that 1st of all, people want to see that people are going to bring attention to and they just don't.
 They just don't.
 They, I don't know what our, what, what they're,


X

 What they think when all that happens.
Well, so during real time last night, I did not see that happen.
 And I, and like, I don't, none of our team saw happen because I promise you if that, if we would have seen that happen, we would have had her back.
 Unfortunately, this type of shit happens every single game to her and the league and the refs do absolutely nothing about it.
 It's been a minute.


TikTok

Because they can't stop you.
 They mad.
 They just mad.
 They just mad, angry people.


X

Here it is, Brendan.
 Man, this is such an awesome place.
 God bless America.
 If you want to hate the US, listen to the media. If you want to love the US, just drive across it.
 We haven't got one lazy.
 Oh, my God, that is... We're gonna get into targets.
 And so much. You're welcome.
 Yeah
 Every bottle like...
 This is one of the best ones I've ever had in my life.
 Good thing, it's so big, the food is great here.


X

 This thing is love me.
 Tell him.
 I cannot speak English, but, but I am excited.



TikTok

 It was you.
 And when you walked away, all of God's favor walked away with you.
 And they see that now.
 Hmm?
 And you know what?
 This last person you walked away from tried to portray themselves as intelligent.
 Well.
 They're not so intelligent because they've been sending you black magic and their life has got to shit, yet they can't put 2 and 2 together.
 You want to know why?


TikTok

 Because they don't believe in God, and you know they don't, because they told you.
 They told you they don't believe in God.
 And you thought they were just going through a phase?
 No, this person is wicked.
 This person.


X

Well, wouldn't think twice about.
 Air conditioning.
 AC is at a given across much of Europe, which is currently sweltering through a heat wave.
 Here in France, many schools, hospitals, and homes don't have it, and that's become the focus of a fierce debate.
 Is it a central protection against extreme heat?


TikTok

And this person comes from a line of dirty witch.


X

survivor, this kind of event, it's not a big deal.
 It's not a solution.
 It's gonna help to people feel good, but it's not going to help the environment.
 I don't think it's a good thing for planets, with France battling record temperatures and parts of the country grinding to a halt.
 Now the debate on how to stay cool is heating up too.
 Turning air conditioning into a political issue ahead of next year's presidential election.
 Far right leader, Marion Lepin, has promised a massive nationwide air conditioning plan if elected.


X

 She argues the French shouldn't have to suffer through increasingly intense heat waves.
 But her rival on the far left, Jean Luc Minonchon, says installing AC everywhere would only make the problem worse by increasing energy consumption and emissions.
 But as temperatures climb, more French people are looking for relief, with some even sleeping outside.


X

 Fans and portable cooling units are flying off the shelves with long lines.


TikTok

Who pretend to be religious, and they had to do that.
 They had to, you know, transition because their community transitioned.
 So they had to appear to be religious people.
 They're not.
 Their closet, dark witches.
 Who are the biggest haters who just cannot stand anyone being better at them in anything.
 They can be better at them in the most trivial thing, and they go out and do black magic on that person.


TikTok

 They're miserable.
 And they think you're glowing up as a revenge.
 They think that your level up is so you can go back to them and tell them that you leveled up to seek their validation.
 You don't give 2 shits about these people.
 Okay?
 If they all croaked, you won't go to their funeral.
 You won't send their family condolences.
 You don't get 2 shits about these people.
 You're glad they're out of your life because your life has never been better.
 Your life right now is the best it's ever been, and it's only going up from here.


TikTok

 Until tomorrow, take care and have a good one.
 You gotta know that there's a gift in betrayal.
 There's a gift in betrayal.
 It might not truly feel like it because of what happened.


X

.
 sit down the floor.
 Yes, the one you slide into double.
 That sounds good.


X

 Yes, that's good.
 The weekend.
The government just.


TikTok

But when you truly forgive, forgive yourself, you will see the gift and what happened through.
 You will see the blessing in it, how it activates your guilts, it activates something out of you.
 to know how to move with people and activate that gift in you that got placed in you when you brought them to this world.
 We didn't ask to be in the family that was at LeBron up Inn.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They didn't like that you just walked in.
 You just chambered as portrayals.
 You expect it, we all expect the people around us to really understand and be present and appreciate us and respect us and stuff like that, and do right bias and not mislead us in the wrong way.


TikTok

 But unfortunately, when you deal with people who don't know themselves and they don't love themselves, they're not really capable of loving you.
 They incapable of loving you.
 And once you understand that, you wouldn't know who you are.
There's so many people who are literally judge people who is grieving purged that is still alive, like they did.
 Like they had a bad burn.
 If you choose.
No, North City, you would never know what it's like to have that type of burn.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You had a good perm, it's good for you, bro.
 Treat your .


X

right to it though.
 Mr. Beast, how much money did you make in 2021, sir?
 2021?
 Yes.
 I give it all away.
 I poor.
 You're poor.
 Yes, sir.
 What were your gross earnings?
 Uh, negative.
 Hey, I paid you a fuckload of taxi last year, okay?
 I did.
 Even though I didn't make money, they still make me pay.
 I don't think you're allowed to swear to that, right?
 You didn't pay me specifically.
 Gotcha.
 You're paying the country, which afforded you the opportunity to earn somebody.
 How much I get? If I give you, like, hypothetically 100 grand, can you knock, like, 150 off my tax bill?


X

 That's not for me to decide, sir.
 I'm only here to collect information.
 But I'm saying if I do, and you do that, we can get a good thing going.
 Possibly could.
 Okay. Okay.
 Are you bribing the guy?
 Are you bribing a government? Is that actual IRS agent or not? Because if so, I don't know.
 fucked.
 I never had this guy.
 This was a bit.
 Oh, no, he's legit.
 Is it a bit?
 And I'm like, literally, I get arrested tomorrow.
 You're asking the IRS guy to smell your Gucci?
but the IRS.


TikTok

I'm with respect to, you know, Sehana, and beat our father, and I'm always going on my mind from a distance and, you know, look from a distance, but as far as contact, as far as access, that's, that's, that's, that's dead, because once, once I realized what it was, I didn't need to, uh, keep going back and forth.
 You see, once a person has truly aligned themselves with someone, once your family member have aligned themselves with someone who they knows against you, they became an enemy.
 They show you they they show you that they will literally sell you out to anyone who is against you and they will they will they will want them against you so they can feel better that they're not alone being against you.


TikTok

 So if they feel like a stranger's against you, this comes, this can be strange, but it can be people that be against you, and your parents will align and join.
 I don't see things.
 They would, family would join forces with these people to be against you.
 But the whole time saying they love you, but they're around people they know against you and don't like you.
 No, bro.
 They angel peoples.
 And see, they can be the worst type of betrayal, just knowing that some of your family own blood will even sell you out.
 It comes with it, bro.
 Just understanding that, um, I don't understand, like, bro, a lot of people's not gonna truly understand.


TikTok

 Betrayal changes people, bro.
 Betrayal truly changes people.
 Like, people be out here thinking that, oh, you know, life just gone and it happens.
 You know, some people just, they ain't the same after that, bro.
 Some people think people just being mean, they simply just tired, bro.
 It made them tired.
 It made them just look at people in life different, you know what I'm saying?
 And healing, healing is a process for them.
 Bill is a process for everyone.
 Everybody heals differently.
 You can't tell someone how to heal.
 You can't tell someone when or how to, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 That's some big time, and that's on how they do it, because it's different stages and different levels to it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 A lot of people try to make people feel bad for what they have went through and endured.
 They got a right to speak up.
 They got a right to bring that to the 4th front.
 They got a right to tell their story.
 There's so many people want to make it seem like it's speaking on the past and they're speaking on the past, all because someone didn't want to take a kind of accountability.
 That's what it's based off of.
 You feel me?
 They want to act like it's from the past when clearly people didn't take accountability.
 They just wanted to move out through, move out through the world, acting like they never did what they did to you, but they know what they did to you.


TikTok

 Because guess what?
 Guilt for just like pain.
 Yeah, they living with their guilt, bro.
 Guilt fit just like pain.
 They know exactly what they did bro.
 God's dealing with them people.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You just forgive and you forgive yourself and you keep it moving, but just know that can no one make you feel bad for speaking up and telling your story, none of that.
 Just knowing that betrayal changes you and what happens and how it brings the blessing out of you, though, how it's a blessing and it has, you find your guilt, you found, and activates it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 When they activate, your gift activates, their purpose, uh, once you've seen what you've seen from the closest ones to you.


TikTok

 It's usually how it happens.
 It's usually how happens to portray them.
 Like, uh, it takes you to really
 It ain't really the outside to do it.
 That's what people don't understand.
 It's not really the outside.
 It's not strange to do it.
 It'd be the one closest to you to activate your gift straight up, it does, man.
 For some reason, it's like life has worked out like that.
 Life just it worked out like that, man.
 It came out like that.
 You know what I'm saying? To where the same people you was around all the time.


TikTok

 You didn't know these were going to be the same ones as you got older.


X

Des Cartier, Des Cartier de Merd, Regardless, regard.
 Oh


TikTok

it was, but they helped you.
 They helped you see exactly, you know what I'm saying, what you need to see about life.
 We're gonna talk, so.
 I say, I'm thankful for more people that, when it gets me, my enemies and stuff like that, because they help me, they help me.
 And that's what they know they did.
 They know they helped you.
 They know they help you because they didn't put you through that.
 You wouldn't be a bitch you are today.
 You gonna be the bitch you out today, man.
 You wouldn't be more appreciated.
 than you are like you are today, bro, straight up.
 So, like I say, man, uh, just know it's a blessing and just know, I know, I know how you feel.


TikTok

 I know how you felt.
 I know, uh, at times people think they know, they don't, they may not really truly understand, but I'm one of them people who do, you know what I'm saying?
 Because it came from up close to.
 It came from up close to me too.
 So, um, but it helped me.
 It better me.
 It's gonna make me mad and angry at him and I'm like that.


TikTok

person, just knowing that, I know, I know what to deal with.


X

Rufia, they scare the game away.
 Very well, sir.
 Tell me, then, how far away should I take my men?
 You must take them out of our lands.
 What precisely are your lands?
 These are the lands where my people lived before you, White's first came.
 I don't understand.
 We whites were not your first enemies.
 Why don't you demand back the land in Minnesota, where the Chippewa and others forced you from years before?
 The Black Hills are sacred land given to my people by Wachantonra.
 How very convenient to cloak your claims in spiritualism.


X

 And what would you say to the Mormons and others who believe that their God has given to them Indian lands in the West?
 I would say they should listen to Ochan Tronka.
 No matter what your legends say, you didn't sprout from the plains like the spring grasses, and you didn't coalesce out of the ether.
 You came out of the Minnesota woodlands, armed to the teeth, and set upon your fellow man.


X

 You massacred the Kiowa, the Omaha, the Ponka, the Oto, and the Pawnee without mercy.
 And yet, you claim the Black Hills is a private preserve bequeathed to you by the Great Spirit.
 And who gave us the guns and powder to kill our enemies?
 And who treated weapons to the Chippewa and others who drove us from our home?
 Chief Sitting Bull, the proposition that you were a peaceable people before the appearance of the white man is the most fanciful legend of all.
 You are killing each other for hundreds of moons before the first white stepped foot on this continent.


X

 You conquered those tribes, lusting for their game and their lands, just as we have now conquered you for no less noble a call.
 This is your story of my people.
 This is the truth, not legend.
looks so good.


TikTok

know what's happening.
 Yeah, it's a blessing in it all, though, for sure.
 You are going to start triggering people who are still living in delusion.
 Who are still believing in lies, and are still being duped, okay?
 By those who persuade them to believe lies, okay?
 911 on my clock and 22 on my time stamp.
 I don't know who you are, okay?


TikTok

 But you're about to have this evolution side of you.
 It's like, You were like stuck in this glass jar, right?
 Or like in this cage.
 And you broke free from that.
 No longer are you basically thinking and believing things, okay, within a limited framework, you are now expanding your spiritual gifts.


TikTok

 You are expanding your consciousness.
 You are expanding your understanding of everything that is going on in the world.
 That is going on in other people's lives.
 You are expanding how you see and how you view things and how you move forward.
 With decisions.
 11um is timestamp.
 You're breaking a cycle, you're entering a new cycle, okay?
 And that's exactly what I'm getting.


X

I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like,
I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like, oh, should have said that.
 And I didn't say a word.
Sophie Cunningham is one of the most controversial and polarizing players in the entire WNBA, so it's time to bring back an old favorite.
 Why people hate Sophie Cunningham?


X

 You may know her for her time as Caitlin Clark's teammate in Indiana, but before that, she played for the Phoenix.
 Mercury, where her time had its fair share of controversies.
 She was teammates and seemingly friends with Natasha Cloud, who was an outspoken social justice activist.
 And this was around the time of the 2024 election.
 Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, you know the one.
 And Sophie was reposting and liking Matt.
 I was just kind of pointing.


TikTok

going to be in circles trying to figure out what is true, what is false.
 going to have the gift of discernment that is going to be amplified in this season for you.
 Okay?
 I'm getting shows all over my body.
 When you start to speak about certain things, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that.
 Okay?
 They're going to be, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that because how dare you say that about this person?
 How dare you say that about this celebrity?
 How dare you say it about this influencer and all these different things?


TikTok

 And let me tell you something.
 You are about to see some deep things that people don't see because it's beyond their understanding.
 It's beyond their own inner standing, okay?
 These people believe that they're look and that they are discerning and all that stuff, but you are about to test how discerning they actually are.
 And let me tell you something.
 You're going to be God's project in this season, and it's going to come with a very heavy chunk of rewards, okay?


TikTok

 that you are about to obtain in this season.
 Oh yes, ma'am.
 Oh yes, sir.
 Get ready because God is about to make you his project.
 For you, okay?
 to basically humble people to basically tear apart, okay, the prideful egotistical framework that no longer these individuals can't keep on having, okay?


TikTok

 And what I'm getting here is, you are about to be in a place where because people are going to be offended by the things that you say, by the things that you believe in, okay, and they're going to be triggered by it.
 What's going to happen here is that they are going to start to, you know, really get so annoyed and so embarrassed that it's not going to be funny, okay?


TikTok

 What I'm getting here as well with you, all right?
 This is your moment, and you are about to get a great reward from this.
 Because your mission requires for you to be as woke as you need to be, okay?
 In order for you to obtain more, in order for you to hold more, you have to make space for more.
 And that can be in your consciousness, okay?
 That can be within your spiritual growth.
 That can be within your evolution, okay?


TikTok

 The more you grow.
 Okay?
 The more strength that you build within your character, the more.
Within your space.
 Collective.
 So that's what they out here doing.
 They out here trying to sabotage people.
 They out here trying to tell people to stay away from you.
 They don't want nobody to be around you.
 Or they may not want this particular person or particular people to be around you.
 So they may tell wise, they may say this.
 Oh yeah, you shouldn't fuck with him because I heard this, or you shouldn't fuck with him because I know this.


TikTok

 Like it may be saying a lot of things to convince this person to stay with them instead of moving on with you.
 You know, but it's like, Maybe because you they know.
 You love you.
 People around you, they glow.
 They become better.
 They get more opportunities.
 They life technically evolves hanging with you.
 And the person that they may be with, they don't want them to evolve.
 You know, they want them to stay stuck and stagnant, but hanging with you, becoming, even becoming a friend or acquaintance with you, it would make them vibe higher.


TikTok

 They would be a lot more happier.
 Like, say this person, this goddamn talking to you or texting you on the phone with you or just outside with you, and then they go home and they person see them.
 They be like, why the fuck you so jolly?
 Why the fuck is you so happy?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Well, I met this boy today.
 What boy?
 Let me see.
 Who the fuck you?
 type shit.
 You feel me?
 Or girl, remember watching?
 You feel me?
 Yeah, I met this person and they like, who, who, who, who did you meet?
 So, You know how the world, when you were chosen with the world, wants to isolate you, instead of them trying to isolate you, they're trying to isolate, like mind the individuals.


TikTok

 You get what I'm trying to say?
 They trying to keep those individuals to themselves because the more like minded individuals come together, the more shit rise.
 But, you know, but I really feel like, They're only trying to keep people away from you because of the jealousy, because of the envy, because of the insecurities.
 You know, that's only, that's, that's the only reason a man is jealous of another man.
 Even a dad can be jealous of a son, even a dad can be jealous of the guy his daughter is dating.
 The father will be jealous of him because he may look better than a nigga.


TikTok

 He may be stronger than nigga.
 He may have his head on straight or you know, sometimes a father or a parent will be mad at a child because the child is wiser than what the fuck they was at that age.
 They would hate that.
 They would be jealous of that.
 How the fuck did young niggas so smart?
 How the fuck did y'all nigga know more than me? Nigga, I'm 30.
 I'm 25 this year.
 This young nigga know more than me how.
 They would be jealous of that.
 They were, they were, they were, they were literally be jealous of your wisdom that you carry.
 Or this nigga, he's 31, but you more mature than this nigga.
Sure.


TikTok

his daughter from getting into a marriage or maybe it could be the hating ass mother, you know?
out there that trying to stop her daughter from finding true love because she don't want her daughter and the true relationship. She want her daughter and some chocolate shit because if her daughter has some toxic shit, she go on the phone with mommy.
 If daughter is in a peaceful life, she's not talking to mommy. She right here with the nigga.
 And that's the thing.
 Now mommy don't know what's going on.
 Mommy can't invade her privacy and shit like that.
 Because 9 times out of 10, let's be, let's be real, fellas, if your girl, if you and your girl going through some shit or your girl is going through some shit at work, who she going to talk to?


TikTok

 She going to call her mother.
 Even if you were, you and your girl, y'all, y'all on good terms.
 Y'all been talking, y'all been linking, y'all been chilling.
 Y'all been culling.
 Mommy, you're probably still here about that.
 Like, yeah, I was, uh, mommy, she was still gonna...
 But mommy probably hate that.
 Like, then my daughter's really having a great relationship.
 I got to sabotage it.
 I gotta fuck it up.
 Because he don't want to see her daughter want.
 She don't want to see her daughter in a better relationship than her.
 It's like a lot of people is jealous when they come to you.


TikTok

 They trying to keep a lot of people away from you.
 But sometimes, you know, God step in too, because certain niggas is not supposed to be around you, bro.
 But you know the thing.
 I don't know, bro.
 I don't I don't necessarily like things like that, bro, because why certain people can't be, but you know, niggas being weird, dickhead behavior, so you know why, like, hmm.
 But it's up to, it's like you already got the discernment like, I don't want to be around that.
 I know I should have hang with that, you know?
 So I don't even go places and stuff like that, you know?
 But it's people that be feeling like, nah, I just want to go see what shit talking about.
 I am not trying to fuck around to find out.


TikTok

 I'd already found out.
 I don't need to go figure it out.
 You know, but, I feel like with you, they want to keep people away from you.
 Because maybe the photos they will see online, y'all partying together, y'all hanging out together.
 They gonna be feeling like, damn, I'm missing out. Or like, damn, she with this new nigga. And he, he over here got,
 God, I have a man, have fun and shit.
 Like, you know, I really feel like they probably will be jealous of that, you know?
 Because, you know, you are consecrated, so you fuck around vlogs, some shit, you feel me?
 Or me, I really feel like, do you deal with a lot of content creators or you deal with a lot of entertainers?


TikTok

 Remember, let's not say that, and that's not say that.
 I not saying I'm not saying any of that, though.
 I'm not saying any of, I'm saying dealing with like hanging and talking to and topping it up type of shit.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 That type of dealing with not values and shit.
 I dont know what the fuck y'all think, you know?
 You do deal with a lot of content creators.
 You deal with a lot of creators.
 You dealt with a lot of business owners and entrepreneurs.
 You deal with a lot of entertainers and celebrities, famous people, I guess, you know, or people that got a buzz or people that's well known, you know, type shit, like you deal with a lot of those type people.


TikTok

 And I feel like in that, in that energy, a lot of people do be jealous in that world, you know, a lot of famous and people that's only come up on a rise, they do be jealous of others, you know, they be, they be secretly hating, they be secretly not trying to show support.
 You know, they they secretly only fuck with certain niggas. Like, all that cookie and mixy shit up.
 Like, I don't like, because there's no such thing as a fucking picking aside.
 I don't know what the fuck that is.
 What the fuck do you mean?
 Pick a side game.
 Like, I don't like that pick a side, dumb shit, bro.
 really don't.
 So you're telling me, If his shit hard and yes shit hard, I can only be like, I'm fuck with his shit.


TikTok

 And then if I go fuck with shit, you're going to be like, yo, you ain't going my house, you fuck with that.
 So I can't, I can't fuck with this shit either.
 No, right?
 So that's some lame shit picking us out of some goofy shit.
 If you make music, then he make music, but try and tour it together.
 I can't make music with none of y'all because if I make music with him, you're going to try to make me inherit some shit that has nothing to do with me.
 That's like a lot of you niggas not with these.
 I be joining gangs.
 I be getting jumped into games, and you fighting for, nigga.
 you don't even know.
 You're saying long live, bro, you don't even know, bro.
 know what I'm saying?
 I'm not saying that to everybody, but that's how it should be, niggas be fighting for a cause.


TikTok

 They don't even know what the fuck they fight for.
 This gang started years ago.
 This game been going off for 15 years, nigga.
 You just now coming outside.
 You don't know why.
 Why this beef started?
 This shit can be over some females.
 Nigga.
 This shit can be over a dice game.
 He mad because he lost in a dice game.
 This shit can be over some some dumb shit because niggas lost in 2K.
 And now, now he telling the homies, yeah, I don't focus that nigga no more because he, ah, ah, he did some weird shit the whole time he lost in 2K, but he got to tell the homie some bullshit just so they can beef with niggas.
 See, that's exactly what I'm saying.
 They telling people bullshit just so they won't have to hang with you just so they don't have to come around you or be around you because they don't want nobody.


TikTok

 Rubbing.
 don't want nobody around you because your good energy's going to rub off on them.
 You gotta think about it, yo.
 When you're chosen one, when you got gut energy, that rubs off on other people.
 And when you touch the hearts of everybody, doesn't that, doesn't that spread joy and peace and positivity in a world full of negativity, huh?
 Uh-uh.
 And a world full of gaslighters and manipulators, we got honest and transparent people around here.
 This is why they keep people waving.
 But the thing is, I feel like the person that's trying to keep your person away is losing control.


TikTok

 is losing the grabs, is losing grips.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Because like your person is still trying to make they wait till you.
 They never forgot about you.
 If you think your person isn't think about you right now, they is think about you, but they just in a lot of shit right now that they like, they got to figure out.
 They got to get their shit together.
 They got to get the affairs and orders, but they said, Mary, I'm coming back.
 Well, your name, not me, but, you know, uh, they said, uh, blink, fill in the blink.
 coming back. You feel what I'm saying?
 They coming back.
 But, I don't know about that.


TikTok

 Give me time shit.
 Because by the time then, like, I'm probably still gonna be single.
 But you know, what's it saying?
 You waited all that time and now this person in relationship, but now you're trying to come holler, get the fuck out of it.
 But you know, even if I'm a relationship, you could still come like, what's up?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, nah, I don't know, because I, I got to ask, I got to ask big girl about that.
 I just can't.
 I just can't say that.
 and then you think that's cool?
 Now, I got to ask, baby, girl, like, yo, can I, can I text this, this John and shit like that?
 If baby girl cool with it, then she cool with it.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 She said, nah, don't talk to her.
 I think you should talk to this one.
 Then that's not my fault.
 She said that.
 You feel me?
 She said she preferred me talking to her, not you.
 You feel me?
 So I don't know, game.
 Because I don't think that's right, though.
 I mean, is it, technically speaking, because if I'm in a relationship, I got big girl with me.
 I be chilling with her.
 But me talking to somebody else doesn't mean I'm cheating though, because I'm not flirting.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Oh, he's Michael cheating.
 He's texting high out.
 I just said, what's up, what you doing?
 Oh, you ate today?


TikTok

 Am I cheating?
 Because I asked somebody what they doing and did they eat today?
 Or she said, nah, I sent her some money.
 Oh, you cheating, why are you sending this bitch money to get some food?
 I can't say money.
 So what the fuck I get this money for?
 Just save it and not spinach it.
 She asked, she said she was hungry.
 I'm like, she ate and no, I got some food.
 So, babe, you really going to be mad at me for buying us some food?
 I bought you.
 Look, you know how many times I bought 2 foods?
 You're right.
 you're right.
 I can't even complain.
 But why the fuck you buying that bitch food?
 You got a problem with it?


TikTok

 what does she do to you?
 She never did anything to you.
 You don't even know her.
 Fuck is you mad at it for?
 So I can't, I can't have,
 I can't have people on the side.
 I can't have a own girl.
 I mean, you can, though, but like, just stop buying bitches food.
 Okay, I got you.
 My fault.
 my fault.
 I ain't know, but that was mine.
 I'm saying, though, so saying she hungry.
 Like, no, save the safety hungry, though.
 can't get her no food.
 I've been starved.
 Oh, damn.
 That's not, that's mean then.
 That's me.
 You know I'm not mean.
 So I don't be mean to you.
 you right, you're right.
 But still, stop buying these bitches food.


TikTok

 Today's an episode of How This Is Not Your Copycat.
 Your copycat, for those that may be attempting to limit you without hearing any credit, which, like I said, in previous multiple previous videos, you don't need the credit.
 just the fact that there are individuals who are attempting to see if they live in your energy, they can be like, you solely, they'll start to mimic your behaviors and things that you would like to enjoy.
 So if you have a favorite travel destination that you have shared with them, they will now say that that's their favorite.


TikTok

 If you have a favorite food, they'll now say that that's their favorite.
 We have a favorite color. They're bouncing, but that's their favorite.
 Everything that you like will become what they like because they feel like that will give them an opportunity to be here as it starts to rain, they will never be able to embody you because you are so cute.
 And I'm hearing they cannot mimic your light.
 They're not limit your energy.
 They can attempt to, but they will fail every time.
 The most high coded view and you are unique, so you better keep going.


TikTok

 One of the most beautiful things is to see you happy, to see you smile, to see you glow, to see you align with your true authentic soul, to see you finally realize the value of you and walking and standing in that, regardless of how or who, regardless of how people look at you, regardless of what tries to slow you from remaining within the alignment of you.
 It is, you were so beautiful.
 You know what I mean?
 And it's so beautiful because when you smile, it's genuine now.


TikTok

 When you feel it's genuine beast now, internally, and because you have internal peace, your external pieces is also a beautiful thing.
 You're not even in a rush no more.
 You're not trying to, you know, rush to explain yourself.
 You're not trying to rush to B places, you know what I mean?
 Everything is divinely orchestrated within your life.
 And that's so beautiful. Because with that alignment, you shine and you glow. Keep shining, mommy.
 Keep shining bro.


TikTok

 That shit is so beautiful.
 It's like very contagious.
 You know what I mean?
 When you shine, you blow, you happy, everything around you does the same thing because you're a mirror.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 And continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 Grand Rising.
 To our creator.


TikTok

 The Most High.
 When people... pull their tricks... to make you seem... mental. It's for a reason.


TikTok

 Believe it or not, you don't need to go crazy thinking about why.
 Because anyone that wants to make you seem mental and you're clearly not...
 They're a part of the show.
 You know, people do slip things like... change the subject when you bring up the show itself, don't get quiet.


TikTok

 But they'll talk about everything else.
 And you get to see who all is a part of it.
 You get to hear all the slit things that's being said.
 And you know that everyone knows, and you said it so many times, but people try to ignore you like they didn't hear what you just said.
 Because they want to keep pretending.


TikTok

 For those who are going through this, it's a very simple and effective answer.
 Graced them with your absence.
 Grace them with your absence.
 And don't go back.


TikTok

 All those people who like to pretend...
 They don't think you see them, or hear them, or sense them, because you don't respond to the BS.
 Not realizing that, do you feel the energy before you even get there?


TikTok

 Sometimes, a lot of times, the best thing to do is just pretend like it's not even happening.
 Because then they get comfortable, and they start showing their true colors.
 Even though they've already shown you before you got there, sometimes confirmation is best.
 It answers so many questions beyond them.


TikTok

 See, people don't realize that when they play the games that they play, their answering questions that you have that way above their head.
 They forget that they're mosquitoes working for other mosquitoes.
 Some call them flying monkeys.
 I don't give them such a badass name.


TikTok

 Keep watching, neighbors.
 I can sense your confusion.
 Just by the way you move.
 Oh.
 Feels good.
 Just being quiet.


TikTok

 while you watch and have your meetings and the conversations that you think are hidden.
 Between you and others like you.
 Where your organization's messed up at was, you decided to get close to me by getting to those close to me.
 Well, supposedly close to me.
 Not realizing that I take tips from a lot of different places.


TikTok

 And then one of the biggest things I've taken is from one of my favorites, Batman.
 We had a contingency plan for everyone in the Justice League.
 When you understand why, you understand why people like myself... will always have a contingency plan for every single one of the people that they come across.


TikTok

 It's not just habit, and it's necessary.
 In order to have a contingency plan for someone, you have to read them.
 You know, you don't know that, you're being read, or you just don't know how to stop it.
 You tend to go off a script.


TikTok

 And then when you come back to your script, Hmm.
 It's too late.


TikTok

 Yeah.
 Beautiful, listening.
 Keep going.
 Feels like you're winning, doesn't it?
 Feels like you're walking away with a W, doesn't it?
 Oh, man.


TikTok

 Somebody said the other day,
 Winners lose more than losers do.
 True?
 That's how they became winners.
 By learning how to accept the losses and the lessons that come with them.
 You're not afraid to lose it.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just lose on purpose.
 Imagine that.
 You got seven games in a championship.
 And you purposely lose the 1st 3 just to see what the competition is made of, knowing that you could beat them.
 But you want to do it in controlled environment.
 So you let them win, you let them win, and you let them win, at least let them think they're winning.


TikTok

 Just to snatch the rug.
 Your next phase.
 But I have one honest question, though.
 There was a statement that was made some years ago.


TikTok

 I've heard it for the first time, but made all the sense in the world.
 You want to make sure you're on the right side of history.
 So many people don't think about that.
 until it's too late.
 Are you on the right side of history in this Truman show?
 'Cause when I saw all over, there would be no explanations.


TikTok

 Just judgment.
 Call it what you will.
 Grand rising.
 You got a lot of people scratching their head, trying to wonder how you got to where you are right now.
 They cannot figure it out to save the life of them.
 Thank you, Devon, Spirit Guides.
 Ancestors, archangels, angel gods.


TikTok

 For this divine message.
 Why are people wondering so much about the Divine Collective, right?
 Please and thank you.
 Collective, I feel like... people are heartbroken 'cause they don't know who you are anymore.
 Them witnessing you go after the things that make your heart sing, is making them compare themselves to you.


TikTok

 And they don't know this version of you.
 They don't know this person that you are now.
 And with the death card out here, it's like the person that they used to know has died.
 It's like, you don't have to explain yourself to anyone, that divine has awarded you.
 Divine is paying your bills.
 to actually be yourself, and to do what it is that's in your calling, and to move away from things that no longer serve you.
 You are in the headspace now, where you have learned who you are, and you are ready to take action and go after the things that you want.


TikTok

 And I think that's where people don't understand you because you weren't like that before.
 So it leaves them scratching their head, puzzled.
 And it's causing them to really, really get in their feelings.
 They are really in their mental about it.
 When it comes to you.
 They really don't understand this new person that you are, but it's not for them to know.
 It's not for them to... fret about, but they're fretting about it.


TikTok

 These people are really upset about the new you, the new change.
 Why, Divine?
 What's to this line of swords card?
 They knew you were a star all along.
 Oh, okay, makes sense now.
 These people were the people that told you that you were never gonna be nothing in life.
 You were never gonna be able to implement anything, any desires, take any action of yours.


TikTok

 You were never going to bring those things that you wanted into your world.
 They were so convinced they knew who you were.
 And you actually going after it now is fucking them up in their hands.
 You are the star, baby.
 Yes?
 What else did Bob, please and thank you?


TikTok

 They're worried about their own finances.
 their own money.
 their own ways of which they make money.
 You have them viewing themselves, and it feels like they kind of want to come and ask you for something, ask you for help, offer you something, because they feel like they can get something out of you.
 They want you to talk to them about how they can better their lives.
 But what, Divine?


TikTok

 They see that you're being celebrated for the things that you do.
 They didn't know that you were that girl or that guy.
 They're learning you now.
 They see the way that people respect you.
 I feel like these people are people you don't deal with anymore, or had high doubts for you.


TikTok

 They, they, they're watching, and they see that the respect that you get from others.
 Seven of swords.
 Be careful.
 This person wants to come and try to rob you of your creativity.
 Use it for themselves, trying to act like they're interested, but trying to steal it.
 They don't want this to be your destiny.
 They want it to be on them.
 Whatever they think they're getting ready to try for 444 on my timer, it's not gonna work because we have divine justice.


TikTok

 You worked very hard on the things that you're doing right now.
 And Devon is not gonna allow somebody to just come in and take from you.
 So your protection is up, okay?
 Queen of want.
 Confirmation, I feel like this person is watching you, trying to figure out how you do your things.
 This person is trying to watch you, copy your source.
 Try to imitate you.


TikTok

 Trying to be just like you, without giving you credit for your things.
 Why are you lovely?
 Our immature energy.
 Peaking, peering into your world.
 Looking.
 Trying to see how you make your money.


TikTok

 Tell me more about this energy, Devine.
 Please and thank you.
 Let's get into the meat.
 of it all.
 Me and potatoes, of it all.
 Why does this person wanna come back?
 into collect this world.
 You're not interested in this person because you realize they weren't shit?


TikTok

 Maybe it was a ex.
 Or ex friend.
 who tried to doubt you, and put in your head that you were never gonna be anything.
 They're watching you looking all through your damn comments.
 That's how they know people respect and love you, and like you.
 That you have a lot of respect from people.
 Confirmation to the fake account.


TikTok

 I want you back.
 Didn't know your worth.
 Now they're desperate, too little, too late.
 That's what it is.
 This person, when you were together with them as a friend or a relationship, had a lot to say, blame on your self confidence.
 You never gonna be nothing.
 Look at you.
 So broke, you're never gonna be anything.
 You ain't that person.
 You ain't that guy, you ain't that girl.
 Look at you, you big lug.
 You know, just talking down to you.


TikTok

 And now that the connection is, you are the person that you always knew you could be.
 Maybe you've moved on, and a new purse, but a new person.
 They were a happiness hater.
 They don't like that you're doing it without them, and they're not a part of this.
 And you just don't give a fuck.
 You don't care.


TikTok

 They want to stop your happiness.
 Love, triangle, maybe this person cheated on you in the past.
 Or tried to get you tripped up with someone, if this was an ex friend.
 And they don't got no money.
 That's why they want you to come in and steal your ideas.
 They broke.
 And they still thinking about you.


TikTok

 The love you gave.
 You are a superstar, Devon Collective.
 You got a brilliant mind, and all the actions that you're taking for yourself, is setting things straight now.
 Anything that anyone had to say about you is being proven wrong right in front of their face.
 They gotta watch you shine, and that's just what it's gonna be.
 I love you, Divine Collective.
 Bye.


X

Teammates would be pissed, but like they are, they're definitely targeting her in, in the league and the refs do nothing to protect her.
 I, I mean, let's get into this now.
 The, the, the, the poster that they dropped last night, like the 30 year commemorative thing, which that you're on it, that's cool.
 Why would you ever put me on it?
 But people are up in arms that Caitlin's not on it.
 And then also watching her get kind of her ass kicked last night.
 I, like, I do see everyone being like, why does the league not protect this person?


X

 Like, I don't want to get in beef with Kathy either, but it's like, it is like she's jealous of her or like thinks that like because she's a bigger face than her or like anyone the WNBA's had that she like won't give her the platform.
 It's fucking so weird.
 It's so bizarre.
 It is a joke.
 It is a joke.
 And this is why Kathy in the WNBA is getting lit up on social media because you are leaving out a generational, the best player to ever go through WNBA on this roster.


X

 Like, and like, honestly, if they were smart, They would market this shit out of some of us.
 They don't.
 They don't, at least.
 I should never, that should be, that should be Caitlin.
 That should be Kelsey Mitchell.
 That should be Aaliyah Boston.
 Like, why are we putting random players on there?
 I'm one of them.
 Do you know do you know if she has beef with other big people who aren't on this?
 Like, Diana or Sue or like, I don't think Candace Parker's on here.
 Like it is a bit strange.


X

 There's just a lot of this isn't even, I don't eat, I don't know, dude.
 I literally don't know.
 But what we do makes no sense, but I'm not kidding.
 Like, even the people they put on the commercials, like, they, they could,
 If they're really trying to make money, they are going to put people out there that 1st of all, people want to see that people are going to bring attention to and they just don't.
 They just don't.
 They, I don't know what our, what, what they're,


X

 What they think when all that happens.
Well, so during real time last night, I did not see that happen.
 And I, and like, I don't, none of our team saw happen because I promise you if that, if we would have seen that happen, we would have had her back.
 Unfortunately, this type of shit happens every single game to her and the league and the refs do absolutely nothing about it.
 It's been a minute.


TikTok

Because they can't stop you.
 They mad.
 They just mad.
 They just mad, angry people.


X

Here it is, Brendan.
 Man, this is such an awesome place.
 God bless America.
 If you want to hate the US, listen to the media. If you want to love the US, just drive across it.
 We haven't got one lazy.
 Oh, my God, that is... We're gonna get into targets.
 And so much. You're welcome.
 Yeah
 Every bottle like...
 This is one of the best ones I've ever had in my life.
 Good thing, it's so big, the food is great here.


X

 This thing is love me.
 Tell him.
 I cannot speak English, but, but I am excited.


TikTok

Bad people.
 You know, they actually believe going in the refrigerator and making a bowl of cereal is work.
 They think eating a bowl of Captain Crunch is work. They think running errands and doing a big job is going to the laundromat.
 They go to the laundromat and they think, man, they think they did.
 day's work.
 These people are... delusional, delirious, just...


TikTok

 Some motherfuckers, I don't want to have absolutely positively nothing to do with, bro.
 I have no timeline with you, niggas.
 Don't say nothing about nothing.
 I have absolutely no timeline with you, bitch ass niggas.
 What timelines at?
 It ain't no timeline.
 You can't put no timeline out.
 Now I'm saying?
 Like,
 The only reason the world isn't collapsing from the noise is because they don't have the vocabulary for what you just became.


TikTok

 You want to hear the truth?
 Lean in.
 No closer.
 Closer.
 You didn't defeat them.
 You unwrote them.
 Like some ghost script glitch in the cosmic code that...


X

that the system could allow federal agencies to access its data.


X

cameras that are present in Woodburn contribute to the terrorizing of our community.
 City council in November suspended the use of the cameras while the police department conducted a full review.
 That report confirmed what many people were afraid of, that federal agencies had accessed the system, showing nearly 6100 searches on the city's camera network between January and November 2025.
 However, that number is just 0.18% of the more than 3000000 total searches. And the police department says none of the searches conducted by federal agencies targeted Woodburn exclusively.


X

 The city's cameras were included in systemwide searches, contrary to city policy.
 According to the report, a temporary flock safety trial is what allowed federal agencies to run broad safety searches across several camera networks at once, including Woodburns. That trial, however, appeared to have ended around June 24th, when Woodburn police say federal agency searches stop, while Woodburn police say the cameras were used in more than 350 investigations and led to arrests, stolen vehicle recoveries, and drug seizures.


X

 Concerns over the technology ultimately brought the program to an end.


TikTok

they even fully manifest, and now they're sitting in dim little rooms, sweating, wondering, what the hell is he?
 Why didn't he die where everyone else did?
 How did one person dis



X

 That's not for me to decide, sir.
 I'm only here to collect information.
 But I'm saying if I do, and you do that, we can get a good thing going.
 Possibly could.
 Okay. Okay.
 Are you bribing the guy?
 Are you bribing a government? Is that actual IRS agent or not? Because if so, I don't know.
 fucked.
 I never had this guy.
 This was a bit.
 Oh, no, he's legit.
 Is it a bit?
 And I'm like, literally, I get arrested tomorrow.
 You're asking the IRS guy to smell your Gucci?
but the IRS.


TikTok

I'm with respect to, you know, Sehana, and beat our father, and I'm always going on my mind from a distance and, you know, look from a distance, but as far as contact, as far as access, that's, that's, that's, that's dead, because once, once I realized what it was, I didn't need to, uh, keep going back and forth.
 You see, once a person has truly aligned themselves with someone, once your family member have aligned themselves with someone who they knows against you, they became an enemy.
 They show you they they show you that they will literally sell you out to anyone who is against you and they will they will they will want them against you so they can feel better that they're not alone being against you.


TikTok

 So if they feel like a stranger's against you, this comes, this can be strange, but it can be people that be against you, and your parents will align and join.
 I don't see things.
 They would, family would join forces with these people to be against you.
 But the whole time saying they love you, but they're around people they know against you and don't like you.
 No, bro.
 They angel peoples.
 And see, they can be the worst type of betrayal, just knowing that some of your family own blood will even sell you out.
 It comes with it, bro.
 Just understanding that, um, I don't understand, like, bro, a lot of people's not gonna truly understand.


TikTok

 Betrayal changes people, bro.
 Betrayal truly changes people.
 Like, people be out here thinking that, oh, you know, life just gone and it happens.
 You know, some people just, they ain't the same after that, bro.
 Some people think people just being mean, they simply just tired, bro.
 It made them tired.
 It made them just look at people in life different, you know what I'm saying?
 And healing, healing is a process for them.
 Bill is a process for everyone.
 Everybody heals differently.
 You can't tell someone how to heal.
 You can't tell someone when or how to, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 That's some big time, and that's on how they do it, because it's different stages and different levels to it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 A lot of people try to make people feel bad for what they have went through and endured.
 They got a right to speak up.
 They got a right to bring that to the 4th front.
 They got a right to tell their story.
 There's so many people want to make it seem like it's speaking on the past and they're speaking on the past, all because someone didn't want to take a kind of accountability.
 That's what it's based off of.
 You feel me?
 They want to act like it's from the past when clearly people didn't take accountability.
 They just wanted to move out through, move out through the world, acting like they never did what they did to you, but they know what they did to you.


TikTok

 Because guess what?
 Guilt for just like pain.
 Yeah, they living with their guilt, bro.
 Guilt fit just like pain.
 They know exactly what they did bro.
 God's dealing with them people.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You just forgive and you forgive yourself and you keep it moving, but just know that can no one make you feel bad for speaking up and telling your story, none of that.
 Just knowing that betrayal changes you and what happens and how it brings the blessing out of you, though, how it's a blessing and it has, you find your guilt, you found, and activates it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 When they activate, your gift activates, their purpose, uh, once you've seen what you've seen from the closest ones to you.


TikTok

 It's usually how it happens.
 It's usually how happens to portray them.
 Like, uh, it takes you to really
 It ain't really the outside to do it.
 That's what people don't understand.
 It's not really the outside.
 It's not strange to do it.
 It'd be the one closest to you to activate your gift straight up, it does, man.
 For some reason, it's like life has worked out like that.
 Life just it worked out like that, man.
 It came out like that.
 You know what I'm saying? To where the same people you was around all the time.


TikTok

 You didn't know these were going to be the same ones as you got older.


X

Des Cartier, Des Cartier de Merd, Regardless, regard.
 Oh


TikTok

it was, but they helped you.
 They helped you see exactly, you know what I'm saying, what you need to see about life.
 We're gonna talk, so.
 I say, I'm thankful for more people that, when it gets me, my enemies and stuff like that, because they help me, they help me.
 And that's what they know they did.
 They know they helped you.
 They know they help you because they didn't put you through that.
 You wouldn't be a bitch you are today.
 You gonna be the bitch you out today, man.
 You wouldn't be more appreciated.
 than you are like you are today, bro, straight up.
 So, like I say, man, uh, just know it's a blessing and just know, I know, I know how you feel.


TikTok

 I know how you felt.
 I know, uh, at times people think they know, they don't, they may not really truly understand, but I'm one of them people who do, you know what I'm saying?
 Because it came from up close to.
 It came from up close to me too.
 So, um, but it helped me.
 It better me.
 It's gonna make me mad and angry at him and I'm like that.


TikTok

person, just knowing that, I know, I know what to deal with.


X

Rufia, they scare the game away.
 Very well, sir.
 Tell me, then, how far away should I take my men?
 You must take them out of our lands.
 What precisely are your lands?
 These are the lands where my people lived before you, White's first came.
 I don't understand.
 We whites were not your first enemies.
 Why don't you demand back the land in Minnesota, where the Chippewa and others forced you from years before?
 The Black Hills are sacred land given to my people by Wachantonra.
 How very convenient to cloak your claims in spiritualism.


X

 And what would you say to the Mormons and others who believe that their God has given to them Indian lands in the West?
 I would say they should listen to Ochan Tronka.
 No matter what your legends say, you didn't sprout from the plains like the spring grasses, and you didn't coalesce out of the ether.
 You came out of the Minnesota woodlands, armed to the teeth, and set upon your fellow man.


X

 You massacred the Kiowa, the Omaha, the Ponka, the Oto, and the Pawnee without mercy.
 And yet, you claim the Black Hills is a private preserve bequeathed to you by the Great Spirit.
 And who gave us the guns and powder to kill our enemies?
 And who treated weapons to the Chippewa and others who drove us from our home?
 Chief Sitting Bull, the proposition that you were a peaceable people before the appearance of the white man is the most fanciful legend of all.
 You are killing each other for hundreds of moons before the first white stepped foot on this continent.


X

 You conquered those tribes, lusting for their game and their lands, just as we have now conquered you for no less noble a call.
 This is your story of my people.
 This is the truth, not legend.
looks so good.


TikTok

know what's happening.
 Yeah, it's a blessing in it all, though, for sure.
 You are going to start triggering people who are still living in delusion.
 Who are still believing in lies, and are still being duped, okay?
 By those who persuade them to believe lies, okay?
 911 on my clock and 22 on my time stamp.
 I don't know who you are, okay?


TikTok

 But you're about to have this evolution side of you.
 It's like, You were like stuck in this glass jar, right?
 Or like in this cage.
 And you broke free from that.
 No longer are you basically thinking and believing things, okay, within a limited framework, you are now expanding your spiritual gifts.


TikTok

 You are expanding your consciousness.
 You are expanding your understanding of everything that is going on in the world.
 That is going on in other people's lives.
 You are expanding how you see and how you view things and how you move forward.
 With decisions.
 11um is timestamp.
 You're breaking a cycle, you're entering a new cycle, okay?
 And that's exactly what I'm getting.


X

I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like,
I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like, oh, should have said that.
 And I didn't say a word.
Sophie Cunningham is one of the most controversial and polarizing players in the entire WNBA, so it's time to bring back an old favorite.
 Why people hate Sophie Cunningham?


X

 You may know her for her time as Caitlin Clark's teammate in Indiana, but before that, she played for the Phoenix.
 Mercury, where her time had its fair share of controversies.
 She was teammates and seemingly friends with Natasha Cloud, who was an outspoken social justice activist.
 And this was around the time of the 2024 election.
 Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, you know the one.
 And Sophie was reposting and liking Matt.
 I was just kind of pointing.


TikTok

going to be in circles trying to figure out what is true, what is false.
 going to have the gift of discernment that is going to be amplified in this season for you.
 Okay?
 I'm getting shows all over my body.
 When you start to speak about certain things, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that.
 Okay?
 They're going to be, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that because how dare you say that about this person?
 How dare you say that about this celebrity?
 How dare you say it about this influencer and all these different things?


TikTok

 And let me tell you something.
 You are about to see some deep things that people don't see because it's beyond their understanding.
 It's beyond their own inner standing, okay?
 These people believe that they're look and that they are discerning and all that stuff, but you are about to test how discerning they actually are.
 And let me tell you something.
 You're going to be God's project in this season, and it's going to come with a very heavy chunk of rewards, okay?


TikTok

 that you are about to obtain in this season.
 Oh yes, ma'am.
 Oh yes, sir.
 Get ready because God is about to make you his project.
 For you, okay?
 to basically humble people to basically tear apart, okay, the prideful egotistical framework that no longer these individuals can't keep on having, okay?


TikTok

 And what I'm getting here is, you are about to be in a place where because people are going to be offended by the things that you say, by the things that you believe in, okay, and they're going to be triggered by it.
 What's going to happen here is that they are going to start to, you know, really get so annoyed and so embarrassed that it's not going to be funny, okay?


TikTok

 What I'm getting here as well with you, all right?
 This is your moment, and you are about to get a great reward from this.
 Because your mission requires for you to be as woke as you need to be, okay?
 In order for you to obtain more, in order for you to hold more, you have to make space for more.
 And that can be in your consciousness, okay?
 That can be within your spiritual growth.
 That can be within your evolution, okay?


TikTok

 The more you grow.
 Okay?
 The more strength that you build within your character, the more.
Within your space.
 Collective.
 So that's what they out here doing.
 They out here trying to sabotage people.
 They out here trying to tell people to stay away from you.
 They don't want nobody to be around you.
 Or they may not want this particular person or particular people to be around you.
 So they may tell wise, they may say this.
 Oh yeah, you shouldn't fuck with him because I heard this, or you shouldn't fuck with him because I know this.


TikTok

 Like it may be saying a lot of things to convince this person to stay with them instead of moving on with you.
 You know, but it's like, Maybe because you they know.
 You love you.
 People around you, they glow.
 They become better.
 They get more opportunities.
 They life technically evolves hanging with you.
 And the person that they may be with, they don't want them to evolve.
 You know, they want them to stay stuck and stagnant, but hanging with you, becoming, even becoming a friend or acquaintance with you, it would make them vibe higher.


TikTok

 They would be a lot more happier.
 Like, say this person, this goddamn talking to you or texting you on the phone with you or just outside with you, and then they go home and they person see them.
 They be like, why the fuck you so jolly?
 Why the fuck is you so happy?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Well, I met this boy today.
 What boy?
 Let me see.
 Who the fuck you?
 type shit.
 You feel me?
 Or girl, remember watching?
 You feel me?
 Yeah, I met this person and they like, who, who, who, who did you meet?
 So, You know how the world, when you were chosen with the world, wants to isolate you, instead of them trying to isolate you, they're trying to isolate, like mind the individuals.


TikTok

 You get what I'm trying to say?
 They trying to keep those individuals to themselves because the more like minded individuals come together, the more shit rise.
 But, you know, but I really feel like, They're only trying to keep people away from you because of the jealousy, because of the envy, because of the insecurities.
 You know, that's only, that's, that's the only reason a man is jealous of another man.
 Even a dad can be jealous of a son, even a dad can be jealous of the guy his daughter is dating.
 The father will be jealous of him because he may look better than a nigga.


TikTok

 He may be stronger than nigga.
 He may have his head on straight or you know, sometimes a father or a parent will be mad at a child because the child is wiser than what the fuck they was at that age.
 They would hate that.
 They would be jealous of that.
 How the fuck did young niggas so smart?
 How the fuck did y'all nigga know more than me? Nigga, I'm 30.
 I'm 25 this year.
 This young nigga know more than me how.
 They would be jealous of that.
 They were, they were, they were, they were literally be jealous of your wisdom that you carry.
 Or this nigga, he's 31, but you more mature than this nigga.
Sure.


TikTok

his daughter from getting into a marriage or maybe it could be the hating ass mother, you know?
out there that trying to stop her daughter from finding true love because she don't want her daughter and the true relationship. She want her daughter and some chocolate shit because if her daughter has some toxic shit, she go on the phone with mommy.
 If daughter is in a peaceful life, she's not talking to mommy. She right here with the nigga.
 And that's the thing.
 Now mommy don't know what's going on.
 Mommy can't invade her privacy and shit like that.
 Because 9 times out of 10, let's be, let's be real, fellas, if your girl, if you and your girl going through some shit or your girl is going through some shit at work, who she going to talk to?


TikTok

 She going to call her mother.
 Even if you were, you and your girl, y'all, y'all on good terms.
 Y'all been talking, y'all been linking, y'all been chilling.
 Y'all been culling.
 Mommy, you're probably still here about that.
 Like, yeah, I was, uh, mommy, she was still gonna...
 But mommy probably hate that.
 Like, then my daughter's really having a great relationship.
 I got to sabotage it.
 I gotta fuck it up.
 Because he don't want to see her daughter want.
 She don't want to see her daughter in a better relationship than her.
 It's like a lot of people is jealous when they come to you.


TikTok

 They trying to keep a lot of people away from you.
 But sometimes, you know, God step in too, because certain niggas is not supposed to be around you, bro.
 But you know the thing.
 I don't know, bro.
 I don't I don't necessarily like things like that, bro, because why certain people can't be, but you know, niggas being weird, dickhead behavior, so you know why, like, hmm.
 But it's up to, it's like you already got the discernment like, I don't want to be around that.
 I know I should have hang with that, you know?
 So I don't even go places and stuff like that, you know?
 But it's people that be feeling like, nah, I just want to go see what shit talking about.
 I am not trying to fuck around to find out.


TikTok

 I'd already found out.
 I don't need to go figure it out.
 You know, but, I feel like with you, they want to keep people away from you.
 Because maybe the photos they will see online, y'all partying together, y'all hanging out together.
 They gonna be feeling like, damn, I'm missing out. Or like, damn, she with this new nigga. And he, he over here got,
 God, I have a man, have fun and shit.
 Like, you know, I really feel like they probably will be jealous of that, you know?
 Because, you know, you are consecrated, so you fuck around vlogs, some shit, you feel me?
 Or me, I really feel like, do you deal with a lot of content creators or you deal with a lot of entertainers?


TikTok

 Remember, let's not say that, and that's not say that.
 I not saying I'm not saying any of that, though.
 I'm not saying any of, I'm saying dealing with like hanging and talking to and topping it up type of shit.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 That type of dealing with not values and shit.
 I dont know what the fuck y'all think, you know?
 You do deal with a lot of content creators.
 You deal with a lot of creators.
 You dealt with a lot of business owners and entrepreneurs.
 You deal with a lot of entertainers and celebrities, famous people, I guess, you know, or people that got a buzz or people that's well known, you know, type shit, like you deal with a lot of those type people.


TikTok

 And I feel like in that, in that energy, a lot of people do be jealous in that world, you know, a lot of famous and people that's only come up on a rise, they do be jealous of others, you know, they be, they be secretly hating, they be secretly not trying to show support.
 You know, they they secretly only fuck with certain niggas. Like, all that cookie and mixy shit up.
 Like, I don't like, because there's no such thing as a fucking picking aside.
 I don't know what the fuck that is.
 What the fuck do you mean?
 Pick a side game.
 Like, I don't like that pick a side, dumb shit, bro.
 really don't.
 So you're telling me, If his shit hard and yes shit hard, I can only be like, I'm fuck with his shit.


TikTok

 And then if I go fuck with shit, you're going to be like, yo, you ain't going my house, you fuck with that.
 So I can't, I can't fuck with this shit either.
 No, right?
 So that's some lame shit picking us out of some goofy shit.
 If you make music, then he make music, but try and tour it together.
 I can't make music with none of y'all because if I make music with him, you're going to try to make me inherit some shit that has nothing to do with me.
 That's like a lot of you niggas not with these.
 I be joining gangs.
 I be getting jumped into games, and you fighting for, nigga.
 you don't even know.
 You're saying long live, bro, you don't even know, bro.
 know what I'm saying?
 I'm not saying that to everybody, but that's how it should be, niggas be fighting for a cause.


TikTok

 They don't even know what the fuck they fight for.
 This gang started years ago.
 This game been going off for 15 years, nigga.
 You just now coming outside.
 You don't know why.
 Why this beef started?
 This shit can be over some females.
 Nigga.
 This shit can be over a dice game.
 He mad because he lost in a dice game.
 This shit can be over some some dumb shit because niggas lost in 2K.
 And now, now he telling the homies, yeah, I don't focus that nigga no more because he, ah, ah, he did some weird shit the whole time he lost in 2K, but he got to tell the homie some bullshit just so they can beef with niggas.
 See, that's exactly what I'm saying.
 They telling people bullshit just so they won't have to hang with you just so they don't have to come around you or be around you because they don't want nobody.


TikTok

 Rubbing.
 don't want nobody around you because your good energy's going to rub off on them.
 You gotta think about it, yo.
 When you're chosen one, when you got gut energy, that rubs off on other people.
 And when you touch the hearts of everybody, doesn't that, doesn't that spread joy and peace and positivity in a world full of negativity, huh?
 Uh-uh.
 And a world full of gaslighters and manipulators, we got honest and transparent people around here.
 This is why they keep people waving.
 But the thing is, I feel like the person that's trying to keep your person away is losing control.


TikTok

 is losing the grabs, is losing grips.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Because like your person is still trying to make they wait till you.
 They never forgot about you.
 If you think your person isn't think about you right now, they is think about you, but they just in a lot of shit right now that they like, they got to figure out.
 They got to get their shit together.
 They got to get the affairs and orders, but they said, Mary, I'm coming back.
 Well, your name, not me, but, you know, uh, they said, uh, blink, fill in the blink.
 coming back. You feel what I'm saying?
 They coming back.
 But, I don't know about that.


TikTok

 Give me time shit.
 Because by the time then, like, I'm probably still gonna be single.
 But you know, what's it saying?
 You waited all that time and now this person in relationship, but now you're trying to come holler, get the fuck out of it.
 But you know, even if I'm a relationship, you could still come like, what's up?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, nah, I don't know, because I, I got to ask, I got to ask big girl about that.
 I just can't.
 I just can't say that.
 and then you think that's cool?
 Now, I got to ask, baby, girl, like, yo, can I, can I text this, this John and shit like that?
 If baby girl cool with it, then she cool with it.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 She said, nah, don't talk to her.
 I think you should talk to this one.
 Then that's not my fault.
 She said that.
 You feel me?
 She said she preferred me talking to her, not you.
 You feel me?
 So I don't know, game.
 Because I don't think that's right, though.
 I mean, is it, technically speaking, because if I'm in a relationship, I got big girl with me.
 I be chilling with her.
 But me talking to somebody else doesn't mean I'm cheating though, because I'm not flirting.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Oh, he's Michael cheating.
 He's texting high out.
 I just said, what's up, what you doing?
 Oh, you ate today?


TikTok

 Am I cheating?
 Because I asked somebody what they doing and did they eat today?
 Or she said, nah, I sent her some money.
 Oh, you cheating, why are you sending this bitch money to get some food?
 I can't say money.
 So what the fuck I get this money for?
 Just save it and not spinach it.
 She asked, she said she was hungry.
 I'm like, she ate and no, I got some food.
 So, babe, you really going to be mad at me for buying us some food?
 I bought you.
 Look, you know how many times I bought 2 foods?
 You're right.
 you're right.
 I can't even complain.
 But why the fuck you buying that bitch food?
 You got a problem with it?


TikTok

 what does she do to you?
 She never did anything to you.
 You don't even know her.
 Fuck is you mad at it for?
 So I can't, I can't have,
 I can't have people on the side.
 I can't have a own girl.
 I mean, you can, though, but like, just stop buying bitches food.
 Okay, I got you.
 My fault.
 my fault.
 I ain't know, but that was mine.
 I'm saying, though, so saying she hungry.
 Like, no, save the safety hungry, though.
 can't get her no food.
 I've been starved.
 Oh, damn.
 That's not, that's mean then.
 That's me.
 You know I'm not mean.
 So I don't be mean to you.
 you right, you're right.
 But still, stop buying these bitches food.


TikTok

 Today's an episode of How This Is Not Your Copycat.
 Your copycat, for those that may be attempting to limit you without hearing any credit, which, like I said, in previous multiple previous videos, you don't need the credit.
 just the fact that there are individuals who are attempting to see if they live in your energy, they can be like, you solely, they'll start to mimic your behaviors and things that you would like to enjoy.
 So if you have a favorite travel destination that you have shared with them, they will now say that that's their favorite.


TikTok

 If you have a favorite food, they'll now say that that's their favorite.
 We have a favorite color. They're bouncing, but that's their favorite.
 Everything that you like will become what they like because they feel like that will give them an opportunity to be here as it starts to rain, they will never be able to embody you because you are so cute.
 And I'm hearing they cannot mimic your light.
 They're not limit your energy.
 They can attempt to, but they will fail every time.
 The most high coded view and you are unique, so you better keep going.


TikTok

 One of the most beautiful things is to see you happy, to see you smile, to see you glow, to see you align with your true authentic soul, to see you finally realize the value of you and walking and standing in that, regardless of how or who, regardless of how people look at you, regardless of what tries to slow you from remaining within the alignment of you.
 It is, you were so beautiful.
 You know what I mean?
 And it's so beautiful because when you smile, it's genuine now.


TikTok

 When you feel it's genuine beast now, internally, and because you have internal peace, your external pieces is also a beautiful thing.
 You're not even in a rush no more.
 You're not trying to, you know, rush to explain yourself.
 You're not trying to rush to B places, you know what I mean?
 Everything is divinely orchestrated within your life.
 And that's so beautiful. Because with that alignment, you shine and you glow. Keep shining, mommy.
 Keep shining bro.


TikTok

 That shit is so beautiful.
 It's like very contagious.
 You know what I mean?
 When you shine, you blow, you happy, everything around you does the same thing because you're a mirror.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 And continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 Grand Rising.
 To our creator.


TikTok

 The Most High.
 When people... pull their tricks... to make you seem... mental. It's for a reason.


TikTok

 Believe it or not, you don't need to go crazy thinking about why.
 Because anyone that wants to make you seem mental and you're clearly not...
 They're a part of the show.
 You know, people do slip things like... change the subject when you bring up the show itself, don't get quiet.


TikTok

 But they'll talk about everything else.
 And you get to see who all is a part of it.
 You get to hear all the slit things that's being said.
 And you know that everyone knows, and you said it so many times, but people try to ignore you like they didn't hear what you just said.
 Because they want to keep pretending.


TikTok

 For those who are going through this, it's a very simple and effective answer.
 Graced them with your absence.
 Grace them with your absence.
 And don't go back.


TikTok

 All those people who like to pretend...
 They don't think you see them, or hear them, or sense them, because you don't respond to the BS.
 Not realizing that, do you feel the energy before you even get there?


TikTok

 Sometimes, a lot of times, the best thing to do is just pretend like it's not even happening.
 Because then they get comfortable, and they start showing their true colors.
 Even though they've already shown you before you got there, sometimes confirmation is best.
 It answers so many questions beyond them.


TikTok

 See, people don't realize that when they play the games that they play, their answering questions that you have that way above their head.
 They forget that they're mosquitoes working for other mosquitoes.
 Some call them flying monkeys.
 I don't give them such a badass name.


TikTok

 Keep watching, neighbors.
 I can sense your confusion.
 Just by the way you move.
 Oh.
 Feels good.
 Just being quiet.


TikTok

 while you watch and have your meetings and the conversations that you think are hidden.
 Between you and others like you.
 Where your organization's messed up at was, you decided to get close to me by getting to those close to me.
 Well, supposedly close to me.
 Not realizing that I take tips from a lot of different places.


TikTok

 And then one of the biggest things I've taken is from one of my favorites, Batman.
 We had a contingency plan for everyone in the Justice League.
 When you understand why, you understand why people like myself... will always have a contingency plan for every single one of the people that they come across.


TikTok

 It's not just habit, and it's necessary.
 In order to have a contingency plan for someone, you have to read them.
 You know, you don't know that, you're being read, or you just don't know how to stop it.
 You tend to go off a script.


TikTok

 And then when you come back to your script, Hmm.
 It's too late.


TikTok

 Yeah.
 Beautiful, listening.
 Keep going.
 Feels like you're winning, doesn't it?
 Feels like you're walking away with a W, doesn't it?
 Oh, man.


TikTok

 Somebody said the other day,
 Winners lose more than losers do.
 True?
 That's how they became winners.
 By learning how to accept the losses and the lessons that come with them.
 You're not afraid to lose it.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just lose on purpose.
 Imagine that.
 You got seven games in a championship.
 And you purposely lose the 1st 3 just to see what the competition is made of, knowing that you could beat them.
 But you want to do it in controlled environment.
 So you let them win, you let them win, and you let them win, at least let them think they're winning.


TikTok

 Just to snatch the rug.
 Your next phase.
 But I have one honest question, though.
 There was a statement that was made some years ago.


TikTok

 I've heard it for the first time, but made all the sense in the world.
 You want to make sure you're on the right side of history.
 So many people don't think about that.
 until it's too late.
 Are you on the right side of history in this Truman show?
 'Cause when I saw all over, there would be no explanations.


TikTok

 Just judgment.
 Call it what you will.
 Grand rising.
 You got a lot of people scratching their head, trying to wonder how you got to where you are right now.
 They cannot figure it out to save the life of them.
 Thank you, Devon, Spirit Guides.
 Ancestors, archangels, angel gods.


TikTok

 For this divine message.
 Why are people wondering so much about the Divine Collective, right?
 Please and thank you.
 Collective, I feel like... people are heartbroken 'cause they don't know who you are anymore.
 Them witnessing you go after the things that make your heart sing, is making them compare themselves to you.


TikTok

 And they don't know this version of you.
 They don't know this person that you are now.
 And with the death card out here, it's like the person that they used to know has died.
 It's like, you don't have to explain yourself to anyone, that divine has awarded you.
 Divine is paying your bills.
 to actually be yourself, and to do what it is that's in your calling, and to move away from things that no longer serve you.
 You are in the headspace now, where you have learned who you are, and you are ready to take action and go after the things that you want.


TikTok

 And I think that's where people don't understand you because you weren't like that before.
 So it leaves them scratching their head, puzzled.
 And it's causing them to really, really get in their feelings.
 They are really in their mental about it.
 When it comes to you.
 They really don't understand this new person that you are, but it's not for them to know.
 It's not for them to... fret about, but they're fretting about it.


TikTok

 These people are really upset about the new you, the new change.
 Why, Divine?
 What's to this line of swords card?
 They knew you were a star all along.
 Oh, okay, makes sense now.
 These people were the people that told you that you were never gonna be nothing in life.
 You were never gonna be able to implement anything, any desires, take any action of yours.


TikTok

 You were never going to bring those things that you wanted into your world.
 They were so convinced they knew who you were.
 And you actually going after it now is fucking them up in their hands.
 You are the star, baby.
 Yes?
 What else did Bob, please and thank you?


TikTok

 They're worried about their own finances.
 their own money.
 their own ways of which they make money.
 You have them viewing themselves, and it feels like they kind of want to come and ask you for something, ask you for help, offer you something, because they feel like they can get something out of you.
 They want you to talk to them about how they can better their lives.
 But what, Divine?


TikTok

 They see that you're being celebrated for the things that you do.
 They didn't know that you were that girl or that guy.
 They're learning you now.
 They see the way that people respect you.
 I feel like these people are people you don't deal with anymore, or had high doubts for you.


TikTok

 They, they, they're watching, and they see that the respect that you get from others.
 Seven of swords.
 Be careful.
 This person wants to come and try to rob you of your creativity.
 Use it for themselves, trying to act like they're interested, but trying to steal it.
 They don't want this to be your destiny.
 They want it to be on them.
 Whatever they think they're getting ready to try for 444 on my timer, it's not gonna work because we have divine justice.


TikTok

 You worked very hard on the things that you're doing right now.
 And Devon is not gonna allow somebody to just come in and take from you.
 So your protection is up, okay?
 Queen of want.
 Confirmation, I feel like this person is watching you, trying to figure out how you do your things.
 This person is trying to watch you, copy your source.
 Try to imitate you.


TikTok

 Trying to be just like you, without giving you credit for your things.
 Why are you lovely?
 Our immature energy.
 Peaking, peering into your world.
 Looking.
 Trying to see how you make your money.


TikTok

 Tell me more about this energy, Devine.
 Please and thank you.
 Let's get into the meat.
 of it all.
 Me and potatoes, of it all.
 Why does this person wanna come back?
 into collect this world.
 You're not interested in this person because you realize they weren't shit?


TikTok

 Maybe it was a ex.
 Or ex friend.
 who tried to doubt you, and put in your head that you were never gonna be anything.
 They're watching you looking all through your damn comments.
 That's how they know people respect and love you, and like you.
 That you have a lot of respect from people.
 Confirmation to the fake account.


TikTok

 I want you back.
 Didn't know your worth.
 Now they're desperate, too little, too late.
 That's what it is.
 This person, when you were together with them as a friend or a relationship, had a lot to say, blame on your self confidence.
 You never gonna be nothing.
 Look at you.
 So broke, you're never gonna be anything.
 You ain't that person.
 You ain't that guy, you ain't that girl.
 Look at you, you big lug.
 You know, just talking down to you.


TikTok

 And now that the connection is, you are the person that you always knew you could be.
 Maybe you've moved on, and a new purse, but a new person.
 They were a happiness hater.
 They don't like that you're doing it without them, and they're not a part of this.
 And you just don't give a fuck.
 You don't care.


TikTok

 They want to stop your happiness.
 Love, triangle, maybe this person cheated on you in the past.
 Or tried to get you tripped up with someone, if this was an ex friend.
 And they don't got no money.
 That's why they want you to come in and steal your ideas.
 They broke.
 And they still thinking about you.


TikTok

 The love you gave.
 You are a superstar, Devon Collective.
 You got a brilliant mind, and all the actions that you're taking for yourself, is setting things straight now.
 Anything that anyone had to say about you is being proven wrong right in front of their face.
 They gotta watch you shine, and that's just what it's gonna be.
 I love you, Divine Collective.
 Bye.


X

Teammates would be pissed, but like they are, they're definitely targeting her in, in the league and the refs do nothing to protect her.
 I, I mean, let's get into this now.
 The, the, the, the poster that they dropped last night, like the 30 year commemorative thing, which that you're on it, that's cool.
 Why would you ever put me on it?
 But people are up in arms that Caitlin's not on it.
 And then also watching her get kind of her ass kicked last night.
 I, like, I do see everyone being like, why does the league not protect this person?


X

 Like, I don't want to get in beef with Kathy either, but it's like, it is like she's jealous of her or like thinks that like because she's a bigger face than her or like anyone the WNBA's had that she like won't give her the platform.
 It's fucking so weird.
 It's so bizarre.
 It is a joke.
 It is a joke.
 And this is why Kathy in the WNBA is getting lit up on social media because you are leaving out a generational, the best player to ever go through WNBA on this roster.


X

 Like, and like, honestly, if they were smart, They would market this shit out of some of us.
 They don't.
 They don't, at least.
 I should never, that should be, that should be Caitlin.
 That should be Kelsey Mitchell.
 That should be Aaliyah Boston.
 Like, why are we putting random players on there?
 I'm one of them.
 Do you know do you know if she has beef with other big people who aren't on this?
 Like, Diana or Sue or like, I don't think Candace Parker's on here.
 Like it is a bit strange.


X

 There's just a lot of this isn't even, I don't eat, I don't know, dude.
 I literally don't know.
 But what we do makes no sense, but I'm not kidding.
 Like, even the people they put on the commercials, like, they, they could,
 If they're really trying to make money, they are going to put people out there that 1st of all, people want to see that people are going to bring attention to and they just don't.
 They just don't.
 They, I don't know what our, what, what they're,


X

 What they think when all that happens.
Well, so during real time last night, I did not see that happen.
 And I, and like, I don't, none of our team saw happen because I promise you if that, if we would have seen that happen, we would have had her back.
 Unfortunately, this type of shit happens every single game to her and the league and the refs do absolutely nothing about it.
 It's been a minute.


TikTok

Because they can't stop you.
 They mad.
 They just mad.
 They just mad, angry people.


X

Here it is, Brendan.
 Man, this is such an awesome place.
 God bless America.
 If you want to hate the US, listen to the media. If you want to love the US, just drive across it.
 We haven't got one lazy.
 Oh, my God, that is... We're gonna get into targets.
 And so much. You're welcome.
 Yeah
 Every bottle like...
 This is one of the best ones I've ever had in my life.
 Good thing, it's so big, the food is great here.


X

 This thing is love me.
 Tell him.
 I cannot speak English, but, but I am excited.


TikTok

Bad people.
 You know, they actually believe going in the refrigerator and making a bowl of cereal is work.
 They think eating a bowl of Captain Crunch is work. They think running errands and doing a big job is going to the laundromat.
 They go to the laundromat and they think, man, they think they did.
 day's work.
 These people are... delusional, delirious, just...


TikTok

 Some motherfuckers, I don't want to have absolutely positively nothing to do with, bro.
 I have no timeline with you, niggas.
 Don't say nothing about nothing.
 I have absolutely no timeline with you, bitch ass niggas.
 What timelines at?
 It ain't no timeline.
 You can't put no timeline out.
 Now I'm saying?
 Like,
 The only reason the world isn't collapsing from the noise is because they don't have the vocabulary for what you just became.


TikTok

 You want to hear the truth?
 Lean in.
 No closer.
 Closer.
 You didn't defeat them.
 You unwrote them.
 Like some ghost script glitch in the cosmic code that...


X

that the system could allow federal agencies to access its data.


X

cameras that are present in Woodburn contribute to the terrorizing of our community.
 City council in November suspended the use of the cameras while the police department conducted a full review.
 That report confirmed what many people were afraid of, that federal agencies had accessed the system, showing nearly 6100 searches on the city's camera network between January and November 2025.
 However, that number is just 0.18% of the more than 3000000 total searches. And the police department says none of the searches conducted by federal agencies targeted Woodburn exclusively.


X

 The city's cameras were included in systemwide searches, contrary to city policy.
 According to the report, a temporary flock safety trial is what allowed federal agencies to run broad safety searches across several camera networks at once, including Woodburns. That trial, however, appeared to have ended around June 24th, when Woodburn police say federal agency searches stop, while Woodburn police say the cameras were used in more than 350 investigations and led to arrests, stolen vehicle recoveries, and drug seizures.


X

 Concerns over the technology ultimately brought the program to an end.


TikTok

they even fully manifest, and now they're sitting in dim little rooms, sweating, wondering, what the hell is he?
 Why didn't he die where everyone else did?
 How did one person dismantle an entire structure built on centuries of corruption?
 Because they don't understand duality.
 They don't understand you.
 They trained their soldiers to handle monsters.
 They trained their prophets to handle saints.


TikTok

 But you, huh?
 You show up a little too angelic for a psychopath, and a little too psychopathic for an angel.
 A paradox with a pulse, a walking contradiction, the universe couldn't categorize, so it gave you a new slot in its filing cap.
 Someone's noticing that you're always 10 steps ahead, and it's got them acting very strange right now.
 Nothing stays hidden around you, okay?
 You're this high priestess.
 Everything that's done behind closed doors involving you is always made known to you one way or another.


TikTok

 I feel like you abruptly switched up in this dynamic.
 Okay?
 Like you acted in an energy they were not familiar with at all.
 And that threw them off their game.
 They thought they had you calculated to a T and you showed them that there are so many freaking layers to you and to never judge a book by its cover.
 They are so afraid of the truth that you might speak about them, okay?
 It's literally creating a tower moment in their life right now.
 I feel like they judge you a lot, okay?
 Like they were always criticizing you for every little thing you did.
 Seeing you in your true colors makes them so uncomfortable.


TikTok

 It makes them so freaking uncomfortable.
 But let me tell you something, okay?
 They wish they could be you collective.
 They find so much inspiration in you.
 You stay 10 steps ahead because you are true to yourself.
 Okay?
 I really hope this message helps somebody.
 Thank you.
 Someone.
 You got that eyes on you collected.
 And I'm gonna tell you why.
 The simple fact that you no longer look at people as just people.


TikTok

 You look at people as energy.
 And by you looking at people as energy, the whole life changed.
 You start hanging around the right people, you start doing the right thing.
 Ever since you find out that one thing, that one thing, about people and energy, you've been on the right tracks ever since.


TikTok

 Since that moment.
 And you know this for you.
 You will know.
 Because you stay here in 51 seconds.
 And God is preparing you to listen to this video, and God has given me the words to give you.
 You understand?
 It's all love.


TikTok

 Love is what's gonna win.
 You understand?
 I can force you what to believe.
 You believe what you want to believe.
 Understand what you believe?
 That's what your life is gonna go.
 That's what's going to manifest on inside your life.
 Because you were really a powerful beam.


TikTok

 Very powerful.
 You can do a lot.
 You can do one lot.
 You realize you need the one that builds the stuff that we're talking through right now.
 We, a human being.
 You understand?
 They got a mind just like us.
 They got a heart dressed like us. And you might say, oh, woo, woo.
 That's that person is smart.


TikTok

 Don't listen to that doubt.
 That doubt is what'll keep you small.
 That doubt is the enemy voice.
 Try to tell you it can't be great.
 That now is what I keep you sleeping.
 That's the fact that I want you to wake up.
 Because the stout's been with us since we were a kid.
 They know exactly what we sound like.
 So we sound like us, but it's not even us.


TikTok

 It's not.
 You're in love.
 And that's why we're here.
 You love and you're here.
 To remember why you chose to be here.
 So... just know... everything was going out was supposed to go.


TikTok

 Just know that.
 You on the right track.
 All right?
 I'll see you later.
 Love.
 I'm ready, what is that? Still walking around with a smile on your face.
 I'm proud of you, my nigga.
 Don't know the nigga you used to be.
 I don't know the shit that you come from.


TikTok

 They'll know the shit that you've been through just to be the motherfucker.
 I still up, smiling, and putting the right shit in motherfucker's life.
 They don't know all that.
 Well, I'm proud of you, my niggas.
 I watched you go through the storm.
 I watched you go through hell.
 I watched you go through everybody around you, dropping they fate, dropping they support, dropping they whatever they had to make you go, dropping it just to see if you could make it and you made it.
 My nigga's so proud of it.
 Proud of everybody not knowing what you went to.
 Everybody not knowing what you was going through, and you still got through, and you still out here smiling.
 I'm proud of you my nigga.


TikTok

 I'm talking to you.
 You who listen.
 Send this to somebody you're proud of.
 I'm



TikTok

 So if they feel like a stranger's against you, this comes, this can be strange, but it can be people that be against you, and your parents will align and join.
 I don't see things.
 They would, family would join forces with these people to be against you.
 But the whole time saying they love you, but they're around people they know against you and don't like you.
 No, bro.
 They angel peoples.
 And see, they can be the worst type of betrayal, just knowing that some of your family own blood will even sell you out.
 It comes with it, bro.
 Just understanding that, um, I don't understand, like, bro, a lot of people's not gonna truly understand.


TikTok

 Betrayal changes people, bro.
 Betrayal truly changes people.
 Like, people be out here thinking that, oh, you know, life just gone and it happens.
 You know, some people just, they ain't the same after that, bro.
 Some people think people just being mean, they simply just tired, bro.
 It made them tired.
 It made them just look at people in life different, you know what I'm saying?
 And healing, healing is a process for them.
 Bill is a process for everyone.
 Everybody heals differently.
 You can't tell someone how to heal.
 You can't tell someone when or how to, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 That's some big time, and that's on how they do it, because it's different stages and different levels to it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 A lot of people try to make people feel bad for what they have went through and endured.
 They got a right to speak up.
 They got a right to bring that to the 4th front.
 They got a right to tell their story.
 There's so many people want to make it seem like it's speaking on the past and they're speaking on the past, all because someone didn't want to take a kind of accountability.
 That's what it's based off of.
 You feel me?
 They want to act like it's from the past when clearly people didn't take accountability.
 They just wanted to move out through, move out through the world, acting like they never did what they did to you, but they know what they did to you.


TikTok

 Because guess what?
 Guilt for just like pain.
 Yeah, they living with their guilt, bro.
 Guilt fit just like pain.
 They know exactly what they did bro.
 God's dealing with them people.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You just forgive and you forgive yourself and you keep it moving, but just know that can no one make you feel bad for speaking up and telling your story, none of that.
 Just knowing that betrayal changes you and what happens and how it brings the blessing out of you, though, how it's a blessing and it has, you find your guilt, you found, and activates it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 When they activate, your gift activates, their purpose, uh, once you've seen what you've seen from the closest ones to you.


TikTok

 It's usually how it happens.
 It's usually how happens to portray them.
 Like, uh, it takes you to really
 It ain't really the outside to do it.
 That's what people don't understand.
 It's not really the outside.
 It's not strange to do it.
 It'd be the one closest to you to activate your gift straight up, it does, man.
 For some reason, it's like life has worked out like that.
 Life just it worked out like that, man.
 It came out like that.
 You know what I'm saying? To where the same people you was around all the time.


TikTok

 You didn't know these were going to be the same ones as you got older.


X

Des Cartier, Des Cartier de Merd, Regardless, regard.
 Oh


TikTok

it was, but they helped you.
 They helped you see exactly, you know what I'm saying, what you need to see about life.
 We're gonna talk, so.
 I say, I'm thankful for more people that, when it gets me, my enemies and stuff like that, because they help me, they help me.
 And that's what they know they did.
 They know they helped you.
 They know they help you because they didn't put you through that.
 You wouldn't be a bitch you are today.
 You gonna be the bitch you out today, man.
 You wouldn't be more appreciated.
 than you are like you are today, bro, straight up.
 So, like I say, man, uh, just know it's a blessing and just know, I know, I know how you feel.


TikTok

 I know how you felt.
 I know, uh, at times people think they know, they don't, they may not really truly understand, but I'm one of them people who do, you know what I'm saying?
 Because it came from up close to.
 It came from up close to me too.
 So, um, but it helped me.
 It better me.
 It's gonna make me mad and angry at him and I'm like that.


TikTok

person, just knowing that, I know, I know what to deal with.


X

Rufia, they scare the game away.
 Very well, sir.
 Tell me, then, how far away should I take my men?
 You must take them out of our lands.
 What precisely are your lands?
 These are the lands where my people lived before you, White's first came.
 I don't understand.
 We whites were not your first enemies.
 Why don't you demand back the land in Minnesota, where the Chippewa and others forced you from years before?
 The Black Hills are sacred land given to my people by Wachantonra.
 How very convenient to cloak your claims in spiritualism.


X

 And what would you say to the Mormons and others who believe that their God has given to them Indian lands in the West?
 I would say they should listen to Ochan Tronka.
 No matter what your legends say, you didn't sprout from the plains like the spring grasses, and you didn't coalesce out of the ether.
 You came out of the Minnesota woodlands, armed to the teeth, and set upon your fellow man.


X

 You massacred the Kiowa, the Omaha, the Ponka, the Oto, and the Pawnee without mercy.
 And yet, you claim the Black Hills is a private preserve bequeathed to you by the Great Spirit.
 And who gave us the guns and powder to kill our enemies?
 And who treated weapons to the Chippewa and others who drove us from our home?
 Chief Sitting Bull, the proposition that you were a peaceable people before the appearance of the white man is the most fanciful legend of all.
 You are killing each other for hundreds of moons before the first white stepped foot on this continent.


X

 You conquered those tribes, lusting for their game and their lands, just as we have now conquered you for no less noble a call.
 This is your story of my people.
 This is the truth, not legend.
looks so good.


TikTok

know what's happening.
 Yeah, it's a blessing in it all, though, for sure.
 You are going to start triggering people who are still living in delusion.
 Who are still believing in lies, and are still being duped, okay?
 By those who persuade them to believe lies, okay?
 911 on my clock and 22 on my time stamp.
 I don't know who you are, okay?


TikTok

 But you're about to have this evolution side of you.
 It's like, You were like stuck in this glass jar, right?
 Or like in this cage.
 And you broke free from that.
 No longer are you basically thinking and believing things, okay, within a limited framework, you are now expanding your spiritual gifts.


TikTok

 You are expanding your consciousness.
 You are expanding your understanding of everything that is going on in the world.
 That is going on in other people's lives.
 You are expanding how you see and how you view things and how you move forward.
 With decisions.
 11um is timestamp.
 You're breaking a cycle, you're entering a new cycle, okay?
 And that's exactly what I'm getting.


X

I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like,
I was just kind of pointing and she's like, don't you, don't you point at me?
 And I was like, oh, should have said that.
 And I didn't say a word.
Sophie Cunningham is one of the most controversial and polarizing players in the entire WNBA, so it's time to bring back an old favorite.
 Why people hate Sophie Cunningham?


X

 You may know her for her time as Caitlin Clark's teammate in Indiana, but before that, she played for the Phoenix.
 Mercury, where her time had its fair share of controversies.
 She was teammates and seemingly friends with Natasha Cloud, who was an outspoken social justice activist.
 And this was around the time of the 2024 election.
 Donald Trump, Kamala Harris, you know the one.
 And Sophie was reposting and liking Matt.
 I was just kind of pointing.


TikTok

going to be in circles trying to figure out what is true, what is false.
 going to have the gift of discernment that is going to be amplified in this season for you.
 Okay?
 I'm getting shows all over my body.
 When you start to speak about certain things, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that.
 Okay?
 They're going to be, there's going to be people that are going to be triggered by that because how dare you say that about this person?
 How dare you say that about this celebrity?
 How dare you say it about this influencer and all these different things?


TikTok

 And let me tell you something.
 You are about to see some deep things that people don't see because it's beyond their understanding.
 It's beyond their own inner standing, okay?
 These people believe that they're look and that they are discerning and all that stuff, but you are about to test how discerning they actually are.
 And let me tell you something.
 You're going to be God's project in this season, and it's going to come with a very heavy chunk of rewards, okay?


TikTok

 that you are about to obtain in this season.
 Oh yes, ma'am.
 Oh yes, sir.
 Get ready because God is about to make you his project.
 For you, okay?
 to basically humble people to basically tear apart, okay, the prideful egotistical framework that no longer these individuals can't keep on having, okay?


TikTok

 And what I'm getting here is, you are about to be in a place where because people are going to be offended by the things that you say, by the things that you believe in, okay, and they're going to be triggered by it.
 What's going to happen here is that they are going to start to, you know, really get so annoyed and so embarrassed that it's not going to be funny, okay?


TikTok

 What I'm getting here as well with you, all right?
 This is your moment, and you are about to get a great reward from this.
 Because your mission requires for you to be as woke as you need to be, okay?
 In order for you to obtain more, in order for you to hold more, you have to make space for more.
 And that can be in your consciousness, okay?
 That can be within your spiritual growth.
 That can be within your evolution, okay?


TikTok

 The more you grow.
 Okay?
 The more strength that you build within your character, the more.
Within your space.
 Collective.
 So that's what they out here doing.
 They out here trying to sabotage people.
 They out here trying to tell people to stay away from you.
 They don't want nobody to be around you.
 Or they may not want this particular person or particular people to be around you.
 So they may tell wise, they may say this.
 Oh yeah, you shouldn't fuck with him because I heard this, or you shouldn't fuck with him because I know this.


TikTok

 Like it may be saying a lot of things to convince this person to stay with them instead of moving on with you.
 You know, but it's like, Maybe because you they know.
 You love you.
 People around you, they glow.
 They become better.
 They get more opportunities.
 They life technically evolves hanging with you.
 And the person that they may be with, they don't want them to evolve.
 You know, they want them to stay stuck and stagnant, but hanging with you, becoming, even becoming a friend or acquaintance with you, it would make them vibe higher.


TikTok

 They would be a lot more happier.
 Like, say this person, this goddamn talking to you or texting you on the phone with you or just outside with you, and then they go home and they person see them.
 They be like, why the fuck you so jolly?
 Why the fuck is you so happy?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Well, I met this boy today.
 What boy?
 Let me see.
 Who the fuck you?
 type shit.
 You feel me?
 Or girl, remember watching?
 You feel me?
 Yeah, I met this person and they like, who, who, who, who did you meet?
 So, You know how the world, when you were chosen with the world, wants to isolate you, instead of them trying to isolate you, they're trying to isolate, like mind the individuals.


TikTok

 You get what I'm trying to say?
 They trying to keep those individuals to themselves because the more like minded individuals come together, the more shit rise.
 But, you know, but I really feel like, They're only trying to keep people away from you because of the jealousy, because of the envy, because of the insecurities.
 You know, that's only, that's, that's the only reason a man is jealous of another man.
 Even a dad can be jealous of a son, even a dad can be jealous of the guy his daughter is dating.
 The father will be jealous of him because he may look better than a nigga.


TikTok

 He may be stronger than nigga.
 He may have his head on straight or you know, sometimes a father or a parent will be mad at a child because the child is wiser than what the fuck they was at that age.
 They would hate that.
 They would be jealous of that.
 How the fuck did young niggas so smart?
 How the fuck did y'all nigga know more than me? Nigga, I'm 30.
 I'm 25 this year.
 This young nigga know more than me how.
 They would be jealous of that.
 They were, they were, they were, they were literally be jealous of your wisdom that you carry.
 Or this nigga, he's 31, but you more mature than this nigga.
Sure.


TikTok

his daughter from getting into a marriage or maybe it could be the hating ass mother, you know?
out there that trying to stop her daughter from finding true love because she don't want her daughter and the true relationship. She want her daughter and some chocolate shit because if her daughter has some toxic shit, she go on the phone with mommy.
 If daughter is in a peaceful life, she's not talking to mommy. She right here with the nigga.
 And that's the thing.
 Now mommy don't know what's going on.
 Mommy can't invade her privacy and shit like that.
 Because 9 times out of 10, let's be, let's be real, fellas, if your girl, if you and your girl going through some shit or your girl is going through some shit at work, who she going to talk to?


TikTok

 She going to call her mother.
 Even if you were, you and your girl, y'all, y'all on good terms.
 Y'all been talking, y'all been linking, y'all been chilling.
 Y'all been culling.
 Mommy, you're probably still here about that.
 Like, yeah, I was, uh, mommy, she was still gonna...
 But mommy probably hate that.
 Like, then my daughter's really having a great relationship.
 I got to sabotage it.
 I gotta fuck it up.
 Because he don't want to see her daughter want.
 She don't want to see her daughter in a better relationship than her.
 It's like a lot of people is jealous when they come to you.


TikTok

 They trying to keep a lot of people away from you.
 But sometimes, you know, God step in too, because certain niggas is not supposed to be around you, bro.
 But you know the thing.
 I don't know, bro.
 I don't I don't necessarily like things like that, bro, because why certain people can't be, but you know, niggas being weird, dickhead behavior, so you know why, like, hmm.
 But it's up to, it's like you already got the discernment like, I don't want to be around that.
 I know I should have hang with that, you know?
 So I don't even go places and stuff like that, you know?
 But it's people that be feeling like, nah, I just want to go see what shit talking about.
 I am not trying to fuck around to find out.


TikTok

 I'd already found out.
 I don't need to go figure it out.
 You know, but, I feel like with you, they want to keep people away from you.
 Because maybe the photos they will see online, y'all partying together, y'all hanging out together.
 They gonna be feeling like, damn, I'm missing out. Or like, damn, she with this new nigga. And he, he over here got,
 God, I have a man, have fun and shit.
 Like, you know, I really feel like they probably will be jealous of that, you know?
 Because, you know, you are consecrated, so you fuck around vlogs, some shit, you feel me?
 Or me, I really feel like, do you deal with a lot of content creators or you deal with a lot of entertainers?


TikTok

 Remember, let's not say that, and that's not say that.
 I not saying I'm not saying any of that, though.
 I'm not saying any of, I'm saying dealing with like hanging and talking to and topping it up type of shit.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 That type of dealing with not values and shit.
 I dont know what the fuck y'all think, you know?
 You do deal with a lot of content creators.
 You deal with a lot of creators.
 You dealt with a lot of business owners and entrepreneurs.
 You deal with a lot of entertainers and celebrities, famous people, I guess, you know, or people that got a buzz or people that's well known, you know, type shit, like you deal with a lot of those type people.


TikTok

 And I feel like in that, in that energy, a lot of people do be jealous in that world, you know, a lot of famous and people that's only come up on a rise, they do be jealous of others, you know, they be, they be secretly hating, they be secretly not trying to show support.
 You know, they they secretly only fuck with certain niggas. Like, all that cookie and mixy shit up.
 Like, I don't like, because there's no such thing as a fucking picking aside.
 I don't know what the fuck that is.
 What the fuck do you mean?
 Pick a side game.
 Like, I don't like that pick a side, dumb shit, bro.
 really don't.
 So you're telling me, If his shit hard and yes shit hard, I can only be like, I'm fuck with his shit.


TikTok

 And then if I go fuck with shit, you're going to be like, yo, you ain't going my house, you fuck with that.
 So I can't, I can't fuck with this shit either.
 No, right?
 So that's some lame shit picking us out of some goofy shit.
 If you make music, then he make music, but try and tour it together.
 I can't make music with none of y'all because if I make music with him, you're going to try to make me inherit some shit that has nothing to do with me.
 That's like a lot of you niggas not with these.
 I be joining gangs.
 I be getting jumped into games, and you fighting for, nigga.
 you don't even know.
 You're saying long live, bro, you don't even know, bro.
 know what I'm saying?
 I'm not saying that to everybody, but that's how it should be, niggas be fighting for a cause.


TikTok

 They don't even know what the fuck they fight for.
 This gang started years ago.
 This game been going off for 15 years, nigga.
 You just now coming outside.
 You don't know why.
 Why this beef started?
 This shit can be over some females.
 Nigga.
 This shit can be over a dice game.
 He mad because he lost in a dice game.
 This shit can be over some some dumb shit because niggas lost in 2K.
 And now, now he telling the homies, yeah, I don't focus that nigga no more because he, ah, ah, he did some weird shit the whole time he lost in 2K, but he got to tell the homie some bullshit just so they can beef with niggas.
 See, that's exactly what I'm saying.
 They telling people bullshit just so they won't have to hang with you just so they don't have to come around you or be around you because they don't want nobody.


TikTok

 Rubbing.
 don't want nobody around you because your good energy's going to rub off on them.
 You gotta think about it, yo.
 When you're chosen one, when you got gut energy, that rubs off on other people.
 And when you touch the hearts of everybody, doesn't that, doesn't that spread joy and peace and positivity in a world full of negativity, huh?
 Uh-uh.
 And a world full of gaslighters and manipulators, we got honest and transparent people around here.
 This is why they keep people waving.
 But the thing is, I feel like the person that's trying to keep your person away is losing control.


TikTok

 is losing the grabs, is losing grips.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Because like your person is still trying to make they wait till you.
 They never forgot about you.
 If you think your person isn't think about you right now, they is think about you, but they just in a lot of shit right now that they like, they got to figure out.
 They got to get their shit together.
 They got to get the affairs and orders, but they said, Mary, I'm coming back.
 Well, your name, not me, but, you know, uh, they said, uh, blink, fill in the blink.
 coming back. You feel what I'm saying?
 They coming back.
 But, I don't know about that.


TikTok

 Give me time shit.
 Because by the time then, like, I'm probably still gonna be single.
 But you know, what's it saying?
 You waited all that time and now this person in relationship, but now you're trying to come holler, get the fuck out of it.
 But you know, even if I'm a relationship, you could still come like, what's up?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, nah, I don't know, because I, I got to ask, I got to ask big girl about that.
 I just can't.
 I just can't say that.
 and then you think that's cool?
 Now, I got to ask, baby, girl, like, yo, can I, can I text this, this John and shit like that?
 If baby girl cool with it, then she cool with it.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 She said, nah, don't talk to her.
 I think you should talk to this one.
 Then that's not my fault.
 She said that.
 You feel me?
 She said she preferred me talking to her, not you.
 You feel me?
 So I don't know, game.
 Because I don't think that's right, though.
 I mean, is it, technically speaking, because if I'm in a relationship, I got big girl with me.
 I be chilling with her.
 But me talking to somebody else doesn't mean I'm cheating though, because I'm not flirting.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Oh, he's Michael cheating.
 He's texting high out.
 I just said, what's up, what you doing?
 Oh, you ate today?


TikTok

 Am I cheating?
 Because I asked somebody what they doing and did they eat today?
 Or she said, nah, I sent her some money.
 Oh, you cheating, why are you sending this bitch money to get some food?
 I can't say money.
 So what the fuck I get this money for?
 Just save it and not spinach it.
 She asked, she said she was hungry.
 I'm like, she ate and no, I got some food.
 So, babe, you really going to be mad at me for buying us some food?
 I bought you.
 Look, you know how many times I bought 2 foods?
 You're right.
 you're right.
 I can't even complain.
 But why the fuck you buying that bitch food?
 You got a problem with it?


TikTok

 what does she do to you?
 She never did anything to you.
 You don't even know her.
 Fuck is you mad at it for?
 So I can't, I can't have,
 I can't have people on the side.
 I can't have a own girl.
 I mean, you can, though, but like, just stop buying bitches food.
 Okay, I got you.
 My fault.
 my fault.
 I ain't know, but that was mine.
 I'm saying, though, so saying she hungry.
 Like, no, save the safety hungry, though.
 can't get her no food.
 I've been starved.
 Oh, damn.
 That's not, that's mean then.
 That's me.
 You know I'm not mean.
 So I don't be mean to you.
 you right, you're right.
 But still, stop buying these bitches food.


TikTok

 Today's an episode of How This Is Not Your Copycat.
 Your copycat, for those that may be attempting to limit you without hearing any credit, which, like I said, in previous multiple previous videos, you don't need the credit.
 just the fact that there are individuals who are attempting to see if they live in your energy, they can be like, you solely, they'll start to mimic your behaviors and things that you would like to enjoy.
 So if you have a favorite travel destination that you have shared with them, they will now say that that's their favorite.


TikTok

 If you have a favorite food, they'll now say that that's their favorite.
 We have a favorite color. They're bouncing, but that's their favorite.
 Everything that you like will become what they like because they feel like that will give them an opportunity to be here as it starts to rain, they will never be able to embody you because you are so cute.
 And I'm hearing they cannot mimic your light.
 They're not limit your energy.
 They can attempt to, but they will fail every time.
 The most high coded view and you are unique, so you better keep going.


TikTok

 One of the most beautiful things is to see you happy, to see you smile, to see you glow, to see you align with your true authentic soul, to see you finally realize the value of you and walking and standing in that, regardless of how or who, regardless of how people look at you, regardless of what tries to slow you from remaining within the alignment of you.
 It is, you were so beautiful.
 You know what I mean?
 And it's so beautiful because when you smile, it's genuine now.


TikTok

 When you feel it's genuine beast now, internally, and because you have internal peace, your external pieces is also a beautiful thing.
 You're not even in a rush no more.
 You're not trying to, you know, rush to explain yourself.
 You're not trying to rush to B places, you know what I mean?
 Everything is divinely orchestrated within your life.
 And that's so beautiful. Because with that alignment, you shine and you glow. Keep shining, mommy.
 Keep shining bro.


TikTok

 That shit is so beautiful.
 It's like very contagious.
 You know what I mean?
 When you shine, you blow, you happy, everything around you does the same thing because you're a mirror.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 And continue to follow your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 Grand Rising.
 To our creator.


TikTok

 The Most High.
 When people... pull their tricks... to make you seem... mental. It's for a reason.


TikTok

 Believe it or not, you don't need to go crazy thinking about why.
 Because anyone that wants to make you seem mental and you're clearly not...
 They're a part of the show.
 You know, people do slip things like... change the subject when you bring up the show itself, don't get quiet.


TikTok

 But they'll talk about everything else.
 And you get to see who all is a part of it.
 You get to hear all the slit things that's being said.
 And you know that everyone knows, and you said it so many times, but people try to ignore you like they didn't hear what you just said.
 Because they want to keep pretending.


TikTok

 For those who are going through this, it's a very simple and effective answer.
 Graced them with your absence.
 Grace them with your absence.
 And don't go back.


TikTok

 All those people who like to pretend...
 They don't think you see them, or hear them, or sense them, because you don't respond to the BS.
 Not realizing that, do you feel the energy before you even get there?


TikTok

 Sometimes, a lot of times, the best thing to do is just pretend like it's not even happening.
 Because then they get comfortable, and they start showing their true colors.
 Even though they've already shown you before you got there, sometimes confirmation is best.
 It answers so many questions beyond them.


TikTok

 See, people don't realize that when they play the games that they play, their answering questions that you have that way above their head.
 They forget that they're mosquitoes working for other mosquitoes.
 Some call them flying monkeys.
 I don't give them such a badass name.


TikTok

 Keep watching, neighbors.
 I can sense your confusion.
 Just by the way you move.
 Oh.
 Feels good.
 Just being quiet.


TikTok

 while you watch and have your meetings and the conversations that you think are hidden.
 Between you and others like you.
 Where your organization's messed up at was, you decided to get close to me by getting to those close to me.
 Well, supposedly close to me.
 Not realizing that I take tips from a lot of different places.


TikTok

 And then one of the biggest things I've taken is from one of my favorites, Batman.
 We had a contingency plan for everyone in the Justice League.
 When you understand why, you understand why people like myself... will always have a contingency plan for every single one of the people that they come across.


TikTok

 It's not just habit, and it's necessary.
 In order to have a contingency plan for someone, you have to read them.
 You know, you don't know that, you're being read, or you just don't know how to stop it.
 You tend to go off a script.


TikTok

 And then when you come back to your script, Hmm.
 It's too late.


TikTok

 Yeah.
 Beautiful, listening.
 Keep going.
 Feels like you're winning, doesn't it?
 Feels like you're walking away with a W, doesn't it?
 Oh, man.


TikTok

 Somebody said the other day,
 Winners lose more than losers do.
 True?
 That's how they became winners.
 By learning how to accept the losses and the lessons that come with them.
 You're not afraid to lose it.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just lose on purpose.
 Imagine that.
 You got seven games in a championship.
 And you purposely lose the 1st 3 just to see what the competition is made of, knowing that you could beat them.
 But you want to do it in controlled environment.
 So you let them win, you let them win, and you let them win, at least let them think they're winning.


TikTok

 Just to snatch the rug.
 Your next phase.
 But I have one honest question, though.
 There was a statement that was made some years ago.


TikTok

 I've heard it for the first time, but made all the sense in the world.
 You want to make sure you're on the right side of history.
 So many people don't think about that.
 until it's too late.
 Are you on the right side of history in this Truman show?
 'Cause when I saw all over, there would be no explanations.


TikTok

 Just judgment.
 Call it what you will.
 Grand rising.
 You got a lot of people scratching their head, trying to wonder how you got to where you are right now.
 They cannot figure it out to save the life of them.
 Thank you, Devon, Spirit Guides.
 Ancestors, archangels, angel gods.


TikTok

 For this divine message.
 Why are people wondering so much about the Divine Collective, right?
 Please and thank you.
 Collective, I feel like... people are heartbroken 'cause they don't know who you are anymore.
 Them witnessing you go after the things that make your heart sing, is making them compare themselves to you.


TikTok

 And they don't know this version of you.
 They don't know this person that you are now.
 And with the death card out here, it's like the person that they used to know has died.
 It's like, you don't have to explain yourself to anyone, that divine has awarded you.
 Divine is paying your bills.
 to actually be yourself, and to do what it is that's in your calling, and to move away from things that no longer serve you.
 You are in the headspace now, where you have learned who you are, and you are ready to take action and go after the things that you want.


TikTok

 And I think that's where people don't understand you because you weren't like that before.
 So it leaves them scratching their head, puzzled.
 And it's causing them to really, really get in their feelings.
 They are really in their mental about it.
 When it comes to you.
 They really don't understand this new person that you are, but it's not for them to know.
 It's not for them to... fret about, but they're fretting about it.


TikTok

 These people are really upset about the new you, the new change.
 Why, Divine?
 What's to this line of swords card?
 They knew you were a star all along.
 Oh, okay, makes sense now.
 These people were the people that told you that you were never gonna be nothing in life.
 You were never gonna be able to implement anything, any desires, take any action of yours.


TikTok

 You were never going to bring those things that you wanted into your world.
 They were so convinced they knew who you were.
 And you actually going after it now is fucking them up in their hands.
 You are the star, baby.
 Yes?
 What else did Bob, please and thank you?


TikTok

 They're worried about their own finances.
 their own money.
 their own ways of which they make money.
 You have them viewing themselves, and it feels like they kind of want to come and ask you for something, ask you for help, offer you something, because they feel like they can get something out of you.
 They want you to talk to them about how they can better their lives.
 But what, Divine?


TikTok

 They see that you're being celebrated for the things that you do.
 They didn't know that you were that girl or that guy.
 They're learning you now.
 They see the way that people respect you.
 I feel like these people are people you don't deal with anymore, or had high doubts for you.


TikTok

 They, they, they're watching, and they see that the respect that you get from others.
 Seven of swords.
 Be careful.
 This person wants to come and try to rob you of your creativity.
 Use it for themselves, trying to act like they're interested, but trying to steal it.
 They don't want this to be your destiny.
 They want it to be on them.
 Whatever they think they're getting ready to try for 444 on my timer, it's not gonna work because we have divine justice.


TikTok

 You worked very hard on the things that you're doing right now.
 And Devon is not gonna allow somebody to just come in and take from you.
 So your protection is up, okay?
 Queen of want.
 Confirmation, I feel like this person is watching you, trying to figure out how you do your things.
 This person is trying to watch you, copy your source.
 Try to imitate you.


TikTok

 Trying to be just like you, without giving you credit for your things.
 Why are you lovely?
 Our immature energy.
 Peaking, peering into your world.
 Looking.
 Trying to see how you make your money.


TikTok

 Tell me more about this energy, Devine.
 Please and thank you.
 Let's get into the meat.
 of it all.
 Me and potatoes, of it all.
 Why does this person wanna come back?
 into collect this world.
 You're not interested in this person because you realize they weren't shit?


TikTok

 Maybe it was a ex.
 Or ex friend.
 who tried to doubt you, and put in your head that you were never gonna be anything.
 They're watching you looking all through your damn comments.
 That's how they know people respect and love you, and like you.
 That you have a lot of respect from people.
 Confirmation to the fake account.


TikTok

 I want you back.
 Didn't know your worth.
 Now they're desperate, too little, too late.
 That's what it is.
 This person, when you were together with them as a friend or a relationship, had a lot to say, blame on your self confidence.
 You never gonna be nothing.
 Look at you.
 So broke, you're never gonna be anything.
 You ain't that person.
 You ain't that guy, you ain't that girl.
 Look at you, you big lug.
 You know, just talking down to you.


TikTok

 And now that the connection is, you are the person that you always knew you could be.
 Maybe you've moved on, and a new purse, but a new person.
 They were a happiness hater.
 They don't like that you're doing it without them, and they're not a part of this.
 And you just don't give a fuck.
 You don't care.


TikTok

 They want to stop your happiness.
 Love, triangle, maybe this person cheated on you in the past.
 Or tried to get you tripped up with someone, if this was an ex friend.
 And they don't got no money.
 That's why they want you to come in and steal your ideas.
 They broke.
 And they still thinking about you.


TikTok

 The love you gave.
 You are a superstar, Devon Collective.
 You got a brilliant mind, and all the actions that you're taking for yourself, is setting things straight now.
 Anything that anyone had to say about you is being proven wrong right in front of their face.
 They gotta watch you shine, and that's just what it's gonna be.
 I love you, Divine Collective.
 Bye.


X

Teammates would be pissed, but like they are, they're definitely targeting her in, in the league and the refs do nothing to protect her.
 I, I mean, let's get into this now.
 The, the, the, the poster that they dropped last night, like the 30 year commemorative thing, which that you're on it, that's cool.
 Why would you ever put me on it?
 But people are up in arms that Caitlin's not on it.
 And then also watching her get kind of her ass kicked last night.
 I, like, I do see everyone being like, why does the league not protect this person?


X

 Like, I don't want to get in beef with Kathy either, but it's like, it is like she's jealous of her or like thinks that like because she's a bigger face than her or like anyone the WNBA's had that she like won't give her the platform.
 It's fucking so weird.
 It's so bizarre.
 It is a joke.
 It is a joke.
 And this is why Kathy in the WNBA is getting lit up on social media because you are leaving out a generational, the best player to ever go through WNBA on this roster.


X

 Like, and like, honestly, if they were smart, They would market this shit out of some of us.
 They don't.
 They don't, at least.
 I should never, that should be, that should be Caitlin.
 That should be Kelsey Mitchell.
 That should be Aaliyah Boston.
 Like, why are we putting random players on there?
 I'm one of them.
 Do you know do you know if she has beef with other big people who aren't on this?
 Like, Diana or Sue or like, I don't think Candace Parker's on here.
 Like it is a bit strange.


X

 There's just a lot of this isn't even, I don't eat, I don't know, dude.
 I literally don't know.
 But what we do makes no sense, but I'm not kidding.
 Like, even the people they put on the commercials, like, they, they could,
 If they're really trying to make money, they are going to put people out there that 1st of all, people want to see that people are going to bring attention to and they just don't.
 They just don't.
 They, I don't know what our, what, what they're,


X

 What they think when all that happens.
Well, so during real time last night, I did not see that happen.
 And I, and like, I don't, none of our team saw happen because I promise you if that, if we would have seen that happen, we would have had her back.
 Unfortunately, this type of shit happens every single game to her and the league and the refs do absolutely nothing about it.
 It's been a minute.


TikTok

Because they can't stop you.
 They mad.
 They just mad.
 They just mad, angry people.


X

Here it is, Brendan.
 Man, this is such an awesome place.
 God bless America.
 If you want to hate the US, listen to the media. If you want to love the US, just drive across it.
 We haven't got one lazy.
 Oh, my God, that is... We're gonna get into targets.
 And so much. You're welcome.
 Yeah
 Every bottle like...
 This is one of the best ones I've ever had in my life.
 Good thing, it's so big, the food is great here.


X

 This thing is love me.
 Tell him.
 I cannot speak English, but, but I am excited.


TikTok

Bad people.
 You know, they actually believe going in the refrigerator and making a bowl of cereal is work.
 They think eating a bowl of Captain Crunch is work. They think running errands and doing a big job is going to the laundromat.
 They go to the laundromat and they think, man, they think they did.
 day's work.
 These people are... delusional, delirious, just...


TikTok

 Some motherfuckers, I don't want to have absolutely positively nothing to do with, bro.
 I have no timeline with you, niggas.
 Don't say nothing about nothing.
 I have absolutely no timeline with you, bitch ass niggas.
 What timelines at?
 It ain't no timeline.
 You can't put no timeline out.
 Now I'm saying?
 Like,
 The only reason the world isn't collapsing from the noise is because they don't have the vocabulary for what you just became.


TikTok

 You want to hear the truth?
 Lean in.
 No closer.
 Closer.
 You didn't defeat them.
 You unwrote them.
 Like some ghost script glitch in the cosmic code that...


X

that the system could allow federal agencies to access its data.


X

cameras that are present in Woodburn contribute to the terrorizing of our community.
 City council in November suspended the use of the cameras while the police department conducted a full review.
 That report confirmed what many people were afraid of, that federal agencies had accessed the system, showing nearly 6100 searches on the city's camera network between January and November 2025.
 However, that number is just 0.18% of the more than 3000000 total searches. And the police department says none of the searches conducted by federal agencies targeted Woodburn exclusively.


X

 The city's cameras were included in systemwide searches, contrary to city policy.
 According to the report, a temporary flock safety trial is what allowed federal agencies to run broad safety searches across several camera networks at once, including Woodburns. That trial, however, appeared to have ended around June 24th, when Woodburn police say federal agency searches stop, while Woodburn police say the cameras were used in more than 350 investigations and led to arrests, stolen vehicle recoveries, and drug seizures.


X

 Concerns over the technology ultimately brought the program to an end.


TikTok

they even fully manifest, and now they're sitting in dim little rooms, sweating, wondering, what the hell is he?
 Why didn't he die where everyone else did?
 How did one person dismantle an entire structure built on centuries of corruption?
 Because they don't understand duality.
 They don't understand you.
 They trained their soldiers to handle monsters.
 They trained their prophets to handle saints.


TikTok

 But you, huh?
 You show up a little too angelic for a psychopath, and a little too psychopathic for an angel.
 A paradox with a pulse, a walking contradiction, the universe couldn't categorize, so it gave you a new slot in its filing cap.
 Someone's noticing that you're always 10 steps ahead, and it's got them acting very strange right now.
 Nothing stays hidden around you, okay?
 You're this high priestess.
 Everything that's done behind closed doors involving you is always made known to you one way or another.


TikTok

 I feel like you abruptly switched up in this dynamic.
 Okay?
 Like you acted in an energy they were not familiar with at all.
 And that threw them off their game.
 They thought they had you calculated to a T and you showed them that there are so many freaking layers to you and to never judge a book by its cover.
 They are so afraid of the truth that you might speak about them, okay?
 It's literally creating a tower moment in their life right now.
 I feel like they judge you a lot, okay?
 Like they were always criticizing you for every little thing you did.
 Seeing you in your true colors makes them so uncomfortable.


TikTok

 It makes them so freaking uncomfortable.
 But let me tell you something, okay?
 They wish they could be you collective.
 They find so much inspiration in you.
 You stay 10 steps ahead because you are true to yourself.
 Okay?
 I really hope this message helps somebody.
 Thank you.
 Someone.
 You got that eyes on you collected.
 And I'm gonna tell you why.
 The simple fact that you no longer look at people as just people.


TikTok

 You look at people as energy.
 And by you looking at people as energy, the whole life changed.
 You start hanging around the right people, you start doing the right thing.
 Ever since you find out that one thing, that one thing, about people and energy, you've been on the right tracks ever since.


TikTok

 Since that moment.
 And you know this for you.
 You will know.
 Because you stay here in 51 seconds.
 And God is preparing you to listen to this video, and God has given me the words to give you.
 You understand?
 It's all love.


TikTok

 Love is what's gonna win.
 You understand?
 I can force you what to believe.
 You believe what you want to believe.
 Understand what you believe?
 That's what your life is gonna go.
 That's what's going to manifest on inside your life.
 Because you were really a powerful beam.


TikTok

 Very powerful.
 You can do a lot.
 You can do one lot.
 You realize you need the one that builds the stuff that we're talking through right now.
 We, a human being.
 You understand?
 They got a mind just like us.
 They got a heart dressed like us. And you might say, oh, woo, woo.
 That's that person is smart.


TikTok

 Don't listen to that doubt.
 That doubt is what'll keep you small.
 That doubt is the enemy voice.
 Try to tell you it can't be great.
 That now is what I keep you sleeping.
 That's the fact that I want you to wake up.
 Because the stout's been with us since we were a kid.
 They know exactly what we sound like.
 So we sound like us, but it's not even us.


TikTok

 It's not.
 You're in love.
 And that's why we're here.
 You love and you're here.
 To remember why you chose to be here.
 So... just know... everything was going out was supposed to go.


TikTok

 Just know that.
 You on the right track.
 All right?
 I'll see you later.
 Love.
 I'm ready, what is that? Still walking around with a smile on your face.
 I'm proud of you, my nigga.
 Don't know the nigga you used to be.
 I don't know the shit that you come from.


TikTok

 They'll know the shit that you've been through just to be the motherfucker.
 I still up, smiling, and putting the right shit in motherfucker's life.
 They don't know all that.
 Well, I'm proud of you, my niggas.
 I watched you go through the storm.
 I watched you go through hell.
 I watched you go through everybody around you, dropping they fate, dropping they support, dropping they whatever they had to make you go, dropping it just to see if you could make it and you made it.
 My nigga's so proud of it.
 Proud of everybody not knowing what you went to.
 Everybody not knowing what you was going through, and you still got through, and you still out here smiling.
 I'm proud of you my nigga.


TikTok

 I'm talking to you.
 You who listen.
 Send this to somebody you're proud of.
 I'm here to tell you today that God doesn't make any mistakes.
 Anything that he has spoken into existence, he spoke it for a purpose.
 And for that purpose to be fulfilled, There's people nowadays that still think their life is a mistake.
 They wish they were dead.


TikTok

 Speaking word curses upon your life and it's making your time in this life harder than it has to be.
 The Lord makes no mistakes, and you have a great purpose.
 If you're thinking anything else, then I ask you to get in align with God and let him show you your purchase and show you that he never makes any mistakes.
 He's a righteous God, and he will show you the way.


TikTok

 You're actually going through somewhat of like a reset at the moment, like genuinely, you're about



TikTok

 You're actually going through somewhat of like a reset. At the moment, like genuinely, you're about to be flooded with a bunch of new information with a bunch of new insight with much more downloads. Dream, the dream room has been heavy.
 in this collective for a while.
 If you're coming across this video, something could be revealed to you in your dream either tonight or coming in the coming days as the next full moon appro



TikTok

 Um, premonitions, something along those lines, okay?
 But there's going to be one thing after another that sort of just starts to click for you.
 It's because you're taking the necessary steps that you need to take in order to sort of clean out your energy in a way maybe you've been literally cleaning as of lately or rearranging or, um, making sure that your space is healthy.


TikTok

 if that makes sense



What do you recommend
TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are on



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 okay, is prophetic



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 okay, is prophetic



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said go out there



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside. and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside, and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the walks and the park days.


TikTok

 I've been keeping propel fitness powder with me pretty much anytime I'm out and about.
 This thing you're about to do, it's a 180 degree turn from what you're doing now.
 And it's gonna set you up.
 And the only reason you're going to be able to do it,
 Is because of all the growth.
 Because of all the skills you've acquired throughout the years.
 Okay?
 And not anyone can do this.


TikTok

 And you're going to be the 1st and only one from your lineage that actually does this.
 And these people are going to be speechless, ironically, because they're hardly ever speechless.
 They're always gossiping.
 They always have your name and other people's names and their mouths.
 But they're going to have to give you your flowers.
 Even if it's privately, amongst themselves, they're gonna have to admit.
 They misunderstood you.
 They're going to have to admit.


TikTok

 Congratulations.
 Without realizing it, you've become the quiet center of a storm you can't yet see.
 The invisible axis around which rooms you'll never enter are now spinning out of orbit.
 Somewhere deep inside windowless offices built to withstand bomb blasts.
 protocols meant for international crises, not individuals.
 have been triggered.
 Red lights flashing on dashboards that have never lit up at once.
 And all of it because of you.
 You have become a classified event, a breathing border violation, a walking piece of restricted code



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside, and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the walks and the park days.


TikTok

 I've been keeping propel fitness powder with me pretty much anytime I'm out and about.
 This thing you're about to do, it's a 180 degree turn from what you're doing now.
 And it's gonna set you up.
 And the only reason you're going to be able to do it,
 Is because of all the growth.
 Because of all the skills you've acquired throughout the years.
 Okay?
 And not anyone can do this.


TikTok

 And you're going to be the 1st and only one from your lineage that actually does this.
 And these people are going to be speechless, ironically, because they're hardly ever speechless.
 They're always gossiping.
 They always have your name and other people's names and their mouths.
 But they're going to have to give you your flowers.
 Even if it's privately, amongst themselves, they're gonna have to admit.
 They misunderstood you.
 They're going to have to admit.


TikTok

 Congratulations.
 Without realizing it, you've become the quiet center of a storm you can't yet see.
 The invisible axis around which rooms you'll never enter are now spinning out of orbit.
 Somewhere deep inside windowless offices built to withstand bomb blasts.
 protocols meant for international crises, not individuals.
 have been triggered.
 Red lights flashing on dashboards that have never lit up at once.
 And all of it because of you.
 You have become a classified event, a breathing border violation, a walking piece of restricted code, a diplomatic nightmare dressed in ordinary clothes.


TikTok

 Welcome to the most exclusive bidding war in intelligence history.
 where the currency isn't money or influence or leverage, but something far rarer.
 You.
 You might think this is the stuff of late night message boards, conspiracy podcasts, or some algorithms uncanny attempt to match your secret searches.
 But there's a paper trail now.
 A digital ghost of a moment last Tuesday at 347 a.m. when your name appeared simultaneously on 2 screens separated by an ocean.


TikTok

 In Langley, Virginia, a CIA analyst spilled coffee over sealed documents, because your profile didn't match any known archetype.
 At the exact same moment in London, an MI6 officer pushed back from their desk, so abruptly their chair toppled.
 Because they recognize something in your pattern.
 Something they'd only ever seen in theoretical war gaming models.
 Something they thought would never emerge in a civilian.
 That was the instant, when two of the most powerful intelligence agencies on Earth stopped cooperating and began competing in silence.


TikTok

 For years, they've been watching everyone, scraping data, building prediction models, turning every human into a data point.
 But you broke their algorithms.
 You zigged when they swore you'd zag.
 You disappear digitally at the very moment you should have overshared.
 Without training, you moved like an operator, compartmentalizing information, running contingencies, making choices that looked less like chance, and more like tradecraft.
 The 1st memo hit the system almost immediately.


TikTok

 Subject, unaffiliated asset displaying organic intelligence capabilities.
 Priority one, recruitment target.
 It should have been simple.
 Another talented civilian folded quietly into a scholarship that doesn't exist.
 A mysterious job offer with a high clearance.
 But both agencies saw you at once, and what should have been routine, turned into a covert turf war.
 Inside CIA files, you're now subject 747, but the analysts call you the Ghost in the Machine.


TikTok

 Not because you're hiding, but because you leave traces they can't decode.
 You move through life like someone trained, yet you've never been trained.
 You act like someone who survived interrogation.
 Yet you've never been captured.
 You move as if you know you're being watched, not paranoid, just careful.
 MI6, meanwhile, refers to you as prospect prime.
 Three senior officers have been fighting over your recruitment for 6 weeks, running your behavioral pattern through the most advanced assessment tools in existence.


TikTok

 Every result comes back the same, error, undefined, no category.
 The Americans see you as the prototype of a new generation of intelligence, operators who thrive in digital shadows, who find order in chaos, who stay calm while systems collapse.
 They've drafted 3 separate recruitment strategies, each tailored to what they think drives you.
 And each time they believe they've mapped you, you reveal another capability and force them to start over.
 The British see something older, an echo of the Cold War's aristocratic operators, the ones who toppled governments with a whisper at the right embassy party.


TikTok

 Six months ago, the CIA assigned their most successful recruiter to your case.
 They know your coffee, your books, your late night fears.
 They've mapped your social network, tagged the people who could influence you, calculated the precise approach to guarantee your cooperation.
 But you didn't react as predicted.
 At the same time, MI6 activated what they call the cultivation protocol.
 Three agents were embedded into your life from different angles, a regular at your coffee shop, a new face at your gym.


TikTok

 A stranger at your professional events.
 They weren't there to recruit you yet, only to observe.
 To learn what makes you trust.
 What makes you commit?
 But something in your pattern shifted the moment they entered your orbit, as if you sensed them on some level they couldn't measure.
 Now secure communications fly between Langley and Vauxhall Cross, each side accusing the other of poaching and breaking unwritten agreements.
 Neither will back down.



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside, and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the walks and the park days.


TikTok

 I've been keeping propel fitness powder with me pretty much anytime I'm out and about.
 This thing you're about to do, it's a 180 degree turn from what you're doing now.
 And it's gonna set you up.
 And the only reason you're going to be able to do it,
 Is because of all the growth.
 Because of all the skills you've acquired throughout the years.
 Okay?
 And not anyone can do this.


TikTok

 And you're going to be the 1st and only one from your lineage that actually does this.
 And these people are going to be speechless, ironically, because they're hardly ever speechless.
 They're always gossiping.
 They always have your name and other people's names and their mouths.
 But they're going to have to give you your flowers.
 Even if it's privately, amongst themselves, they're gonna have to admit.
 They misunderstood you.
 They're going to have to admit.


TikTok

 Congratulations.
 Without realizing it, you've become the quiet center of a storm you can't yet see.
 The invisible axis around which rooms you'll never enter are now spinning out of orbit.
 Somewhere deep inside windowless offices built to withstand bomb blasts.
 protocols meant for international crises, not individuals.
 have been triggered.
 Red lights flashing on dashboards that have never lit up at once.
 And all of it because of you.
 You have become a classified event, a breathing border violation, a walking piece of restricted code, a diplomatic nightmare dressed in ordinary clothes.


TikTok

 Welcome to the most exclusive bidding war in intelligence history.
 where the currency isn't money or influence or leverage, but something far rarer.
 You.
 You might think this is the stuff of late night message boards, conspiracy podcasts, or some algorithms uncanny attempt to match your secret searches.
 But there's a paper trail now.
 A digital ghost of a moment last Tuesday at 347 a.m. when your name appeared simultaneously on 2 screens separated by an ocean.


TikTok

 In Langley, Virginia, a CIA analyst spilled coffee over sealed documents, because your profile didn't match any known archetype.
 At the exact same moment in London, an MI6 officer pushed back from their desk, so abruptly their chair toppled.
 Because they recognize something in your pattern.
 Something they'd only ever seen in theoretical war gaming models.
 Something they thought would never emerge in a civilian.
 That was the instant, when two of the most powerful intelligence agencies on Earth stopped cooperating and began competing in silence.


TikTok

 For years, they've been watching everyone, scraping data, building prediction models, turning every human into a data point.
 But you broke their algorithms.
 You zigged when they swore you'd zag.
 You disappear digitally at the very moment you should have overshared.
 Without training, you moved like an operator, compartmentalizing information, running contingencies, making choices that looked less like chance, and more like tradecraft.
 The 1st memo hit the system almost immediately.


TikTok

 Subject, unaffiliated asset displaying organic intelligence capabilities.
 Priority one, recruitment target.
 It should have been simple.
 Another talented civilian folded quietly into a scholarship that doesn't exist.
 A mysterious job offer with a high clearance.
 But both agencies saw you at once, and what should have been routine, turned into a covert turf war.
 Inside CIA files, you're now subject 747, but the analysts call you the Ghost in the Machine.


TikTok

 Not because you're hiding, but because you leave traces they can't decode.
 You move through life like someone trained, yet you've never been trained.
 You act like someone who survived interrogation.
 Yet you've never been captured.
 You move as if you know you're being watched, not paranoid, just careful.
 MI6, meanwhile, refers to you as prospect prime.
 Three senior officers have been fighting over your recruitment for 6 weeks, running your behavioral pattern through the most advanced assessment tools in existence.


TikTok

 Every result comes back the same, error, undefined, no category.
 The Americans see you as the prototype of a new generation of intelligence, operators who thrive in digital shadows, who find order in chaos, who stay calm while systems collapse.
 They've drafted 3 separate recruitment strategies, each tailored to what they think drives you.
 And each time they believe they've mapped you, you reveal another capability and force them to start over.
 The British see something older, an echo of the Cold War's aristocratic operators, the ones who toppled governments with a whisper at the right embassy party.


TikTok

 Six months ago, the CIA assigned their most successful recruiter to your case.
 They know your coffee, your books, your late night fears.
 They've mapped your social network, tagged the people who could influence you, calculated the precise approach to guarantee your cooperation.
 But you didn't react as predicted.
 At the same time, MI6 activated what they call the cultivation protocol.
 Three agents were embedded into your life from different angles, a regular at your coffee shop, a new face at your gym.


TikTok

 A stranger at your professional events.
 They weren't there to recruit you yet, only to observe.
 To learn what makes you trust.
 What makes you commit?
 But something in your pattern shifted the moment they entered your orbit, as if you sensed them on some level they couldn't measure.
 Now secure communications fly between Langley and Vauxhall Cross, each side accusing the other of poaching and breaking unwritten agreements.
 Neither will back down.
 In a world where information is power and analysis is warfare, someone like you.


TikTok

 They made you everything they feared you would become.
 They activated powers in you that might have stayed dormant forever.
 They connected you to ancestors who might have stayed quiet.
 They forced you to discover strength you might never have needed to find, in trying to destroy you, they completed you, in trying to end you, they began you, in trying to curse you, they blessed you beyond measure.
 Your ancestors want you to know something important.
 This protection you have isn't passive.
 It's active.


TikTok

 It's not just a shield, it's a living force.
 Every time someone tries to harm you spiritually, it doesn't just block the attack.
 It learns from it.
 It adapts to it.
 It becomes immune to that specific type of assault forever.
 You're not just protected, you're constantly upgrading.
 Every failed attack against you is added to your spiritual database, making you immune to that method permanently.
 Think about what this means.
 Every person who has ever tried to harm you spiritually has contributed to your invincibility.


TikTok

 Every spell that's ever been cast against you has made you immune to that type of magic.
 Every negative intention that's ever been directed at you has been cataloged and neutralized forever.
 You're building an immunity to darkness itself.
 Becoming allergic to defeat, developing antibodies against the attack that will be passed down to your own descendants.
 This is your inheritance finally, fully activated, not just money, or property, or family heirlooms.
 But spiritual authority accumulated over generations.


TikTok

 The right to walk through this world untouchable, the ability to exist without fear of unseen forces, the knowledge that you are backed by something infinitely more powerful than anything that could come against you.
 This isn't arrogance.
 It's arithmetic.
 The math of the spiritual world calculated in your favor before you were even born.
 Your ancestors smile because they know something these attackers don't.
 They know.
 They know that every attack against you just proves you're the one.


TikTok

 The one who carries the light forward.
 The one who breaks the curses for the whole family line.
 Collective, I don't know why, but they correlate, you want to be by yourself.
 you wanted to be in your own energy



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside, and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the walks and the park days.


TikTok

 I've been keeping propel fitness powder with me pretty much anytime I'm out and about.
 This thing you're about to do, it's a 180 degree turn from what you're doing now.
 And it's gonna set you up.
 And the only reason you're going to be able to do it,
 Is because of all the growth.
 Because of all the skills you've acquired throughout the years.
 Okay?
 And not anyone can do this.


TikTok

 And you're going to be the 1st and only one from your lineage that actually does this.
 And these people are going to be speechless, ironically, because they're hardly ever speechless.
 They're always gossiping.
 They always have your name and other people's names and their mouths.
 But they're going to have to give you your flowers.
 Even if it's privately, amongst themselves, they're gonna have to admit.
 They misunderstood you.
 They're going to have to admit.


TikTok

 Congratulations.
 Without realizing it, you've become the quiet center of a storm you can't yet see.
 The invisible axis around which rooms you'll never enter are now spinning out of orbit.
 Somewhere deep inside windowless offices built to withstand bomb blasts.
 protocols meant for international crises, not individuals.
 have been triggered.
 Red lights flashing on dashboards that have never lit up at once.
 And all of it because of you.
 You have become a classified event, a breathing border violation, a walking piece of restricted code, a diplomatic nightmare dressed in ordinary clothes.


TikTok

 Welcome to the most exclusive bidding war in intelligence history.
 where the currency isn't money or influence or leverage, but something far rarer.
 You.
 You might think this is the stuff of late night message boards, conspiracy podcasts, or some algorithms uncanny attempt to match your secret searches.
 But there's a paper trail now.
 A digital ghost of a moment last Tuesday at 347 a.m. when your name appeared simultaneously on 2 screens separated by an ocean.


TikTok

 In Langley, Virginia, a CIA analyst spilled coffee over sealed documents, because your profile didn't match any known archetype.
 At the exact same moment in London, an MI6 officer pushed back from their desk, so abruptly their chair toppled.
 Because they recognize something in your pattern.
 Something they'd only ever seen in theoretical war gaming models.
 Something they thought would never emerge in a civilian.
 That was the instant, when two of the most powerful intelligence agencies on Earth stopped cooperating and began competing in silence.


TikTok

 For years, they've been watching everyone, scraping data, building prediction models, turning every human into a data point.
 But you broke their algorithms.
 You zigged when they swore you'd zag.
 You disappear digitally at the very moment you should have overshared.
 Without training, you moved like an operator, compartmentalizing information, running contingencies, making choices that looked less like chance, and more like tradecraft.
 The 1st memo hit the system almost immediately.


TikTok

 Subject, unaffiliated asset displaying organic intelligence capabilities.
 Priority one, recruitment target.
 It should have been simple.
 Another talented civilian folded quietly into a scholarship that doesn't exist.
 A mysterious job offer with a high clearance.
 But both agencies saw you at once, and what should have been routine, turned into a covert turf war.
 Inside CIA files, you're now subject 747, but the analysts call you the Ghost in the Machine.


TikTok

 Not because you're hiding, but because you leave traces they can't decode.
 You move through life like someone trained, yet you've never been trained.
 You act like someone who survived interrogation.
 Yet you've never been captured.
 You move as if you know you're being watched, not paranoid, just careful.
 MI6, meanwhile, refers to you as prospect prime.
 Three senior officers have been fighting over your recruitment for 6 weeks, running your behavioral pattern through the most advanced assessment tools in existence.


TikTok

 Every result comes back the same, error, undefined, no category.
 The Americans see you as the prototype of a new generation of intelligence, operators who thrive in digital shadows, who find order in chaos, who stay calm while systems collapse.
 They've drafted 3 separate recruitment strategies, each tailored to what they think drives you.
 And each time they believe they've mapped you, you reveal another capability and force them to start over.
 The British see something older, an echo of the Cold War's aristocratic operators, the ones who toppled governments with a whisper at the right embassy party.


TikTok

 Six months ago, the CIA assigned their most successful recruiter to your case.
 They know your coffee, your books, your late night fears.
 They've mapped your social network, tagged the people who could influence you, calculated the precise approach to guarantee your cooperation.
 But you didn't react as predicted.
 At the same time, MI6 activated what they call the cultivation protocol.
 Three agents were embedded into your life from different angles, a regular at your coffee shop, a new face at your gym.


TikTok

 A stranger at your professional events.
 They weren't there to recruit you yet, only to observe.
 To learn what makes you trust.
 What makes you commit?
 But something in your pattern shifted the moment they entered your orbit, as if you sensed them on some level they couldn't measure.
 Now secure communications fly between Langley and Vauxhall Cross, each side accusing the other of poaching and breaking unwritten agreements.
 Neither will back down.
 In a world where information is power and analysis is warfare, someone like you.


TikTok

 They made you everything they feared you would become.
 They activated powers in you that might have stayed dormant forever.
 They connected you to ancestors who might have stayed quiet.
 They forced you to discover strength you might never have needed to find, in trying to destroy you, they completed you, in trying to end you, they began you, in trying to curse you, they blessed you beyond measure.
 Your ancestors want you to know something important.
 This protection you have isn't passive.
 It's active.


TikTok

 It's not just a shield, it's a living force.
 Every time someone tries to harm you spiritually, it doesn't just block the attack.
 It learns from it.
 It adapts to it.
 It becomes immune to that specific type of assault forever.
 You're not just protected, you're constantly upgrading.
 Every failed attack against you is added to your spiritual database, making you immune to that method permanently.
 Think about what this means.
 Every person who has ever tried to harm you spiritually has contributed to your invincibility.


TikTok

 Every spell that's ever been cast against you has made you immune to that type of magic.
 Every negative intention that's ever been directed at you has been cataloged and neutralized forever.
 You're building an immunity to darkness itself.
 Becoming allergic to defeat, developing antibodies against the attack that will be passed down to your own descendants.
 This is your inheritance finally, fully activated, not just money, or property, or family heirlooms.
 But spiritual authority accumulated over generations.


TikTok

 The right to walk through this world untouchable, the ability to exist without fear of unseen forces, the knowledge that you are backed by something infinitely more powerful than anything that could come against you.
 This isn't arrogance.
 It's arithmetic.
 The math of the spiritual world calculated in your favor before you were even born.
 Your ancestors smile because they know something these attackers don't.
 They know.
 They know that every attack against you just proves you're the one.


TikTok

 The one who carries the light forward.
 The one who breaks the curses for the whole family line.
 Collective, I don't know why, but they correlate, you want to be by yourself.
 You wanted to be in your own energy.
 What, there's a problem between y'all 2 or some sort.
 Like, I got a problem.
 There's no issue.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just don't want to be bothered.
 You just don't want, you don't want to even have any other people.
 You don't want to have any other energies around you just besides your own energy.
 You want to be in your own energy.
 You feel me?
 Like you want to be in your own vibe.
 Like, And people mistake that for you.
 Or y'all having a problem of some sort.
 When you genuinely just like, You just like to chill, bro.
 I feel like,


TikTok

 A lot of people just be.
 Because you know when you would tell a person, you really a chill person.
 You a chill person because you you tolerate less bullshit.
 You feel me?
 That's why you're so terrible because you tolerate, you have a 0 tolerance for the, the, the, the idiotic idiotic shit.
 Your patience is only but so big, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, no, even though you are a very patient person, you wait in line all day.
 You'll let people cut in front of you.
 That's how patient you are because you're never in a rush.


TikTok

 But when it comes to your inner space, get your personal space, right, now you're doing a little too much. What the fuck is this?
 You know, but even when you're not acting like that, when you just chill, when you want to go dip off, be by yourself, people, and they had, they get to thinking like, is this something wrong with me?
 Is this, is this something going on?
 people think there's some secret hen beef or



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside, and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the walks and the park days.


TikTok

 I've been keeping propel fitness powder with me pretty much anytime I'm out and about.
 This thing you're about to do, it's a 180 degree turn from what you're doing now.
 And it's gonna set you up.
 And the only reason you're going to be able to do it,
 Is because of all the growth.
 Because of all the skills you've acquired throughout the years.
 Okay?
 And not anyone can do this.


TikTok

 And you're going to be the 1st and only one from your lineage that actually does this.
 And these people are going to be speechless, ironically, because they're hardly ever speechless.
 They're always gossiping.
 They always have your name and other people's names and their mouths.
 But they're going to have to give you your flowers.
 Even if it's privately, amongst themselves, they're gonna have to admit.
 They misunderstood you.
 They're going to have to admit.


TikTok

 Congratulations.
 Without realizing it, you've become the quiet center of a storm you can't yet see.
 The invisible axis around which rooms you'll never enter are now spinning out of orbit.
 Somewhere deep inside windowless offices built to withstand bomb blasts.
 protocols meant for international crises, not individuals.
 have been triggered.
 Red lights flashing on dashboards that have never lit up at once.
 And all of it because of you.
 You have become a classified event, a breathing border violation, a walking piece of restricted code, a diplomatic nightmare dressed in ordinary clothes.


TikTok

 Welcome to the most exclusive bidding war in intelligence history.
 where the currency isn't money or influence or leverage, but something far rarer.
 You.
 You might think this is the stuff of late night message boards, conspiracy podcasts, or some algorithms uncanny attempt to match your secret searches.
 But there's a paper trail now.
 A digital ghost of a moment last Tuesday at 347 a.m. when your name appeared simultaneously on 2 screens separated by an ocean.


TikTok

 In Langley, Virginia, a CIA analyst spilled coffee over sealed documents, because your profile didn't match any known archetype.
 At the exact same moment in London, an MI6 officer pushed back from their desk, so abruptly their chair toppled.
 Because they recognize something in your pattern.
 Something they'd only ever seen in theoretical war gaming models.
 Something they thought would never emerge in a civilian.
 That was the instant, when two of the most powerful intelligence agencies on Earth stopped cooperating and began competing in silence.


TikTok

 For years, they've been watching everyone, scraping data, building prediction models, turning every human into a data point.
 But you broke their algorithms.
 You zigged when they swore you'd zag.
 You disappear digitally at the very moment you should have overshared.
 Without training, you moved like an operator, compartmentalizing information, running contingencies, making choices that looked less like chance, and more like tradecraft.
 The 1st memo hit the system almost immediately.


TikTok

 Subject, unaffiliated asset displaying organic intelligence capabilities.
 Priority one, recruitment target.
 It should have been simple.
 Another talented civilian folded quietly into a scholarship that doesn't exist.
 A mysterious job offer with a high clearance.
 But both agencies saw you at once, and what should have been routine, turned into a covert turf war.
 Inside CIA files, you're now subject 747, but the analysts call you the Ghost in the Machine.


TikTok

 Not because you're hiding, but because you leave traces they can't decode.
 You move through life like someone trained, yet you've never been trained.
 You act like someone who survived interrogation.
 Yet you've never been captured.
 You move as if you know you're being watched, not paranoid, just careful.
 MI6, meanwhile, refers to you as prospect prime.
 Three senior officers have been fighting over your recruitment for 6 weeks, running your behavioral pattern through the most advanced assessment tools in existence.


TikTok

 Every result comes back the same, error, undefined, no category.
 The Americans see you as the prototype of a new generation of intelligence, operators who thrive in digital shadows, who find order in chaos, who stay calm while systems collapse.
 They've drafted 3 separate recruitment strategies, each tailored to what they think drives you.
 And each time they believe they've mapped you, you reveal another capability and force them to start over.
 The British see something older, an echo of the Cold War's aristocratic operators, the ones who toppled governments with a whisper at the right embassy party.


TikTok

 Six months ago, the CIA assigned their most successful recruiter to your case.
 They know your coffee, your books, your late night fears.
 They've mapped your social network, tagged the people who could influence you, calculated the precise approach to guarantee your cooperation.
 But you didn't react as predicted.
 At the same time, MI6 activated what they call the cultivation protocol.
 Three agents were embedded into your life from different angles, a regular at your coffee shop, a new face at your gym.


TikTok

 A stranger at your professional events.
 They weren't there to recruit you yet, only to observe.
 To learn what makes you trust.
 What makes you commit?
 But something in your pattern shifted the moment they entered your orbit, as if you sensed them on some level they couldn't measure.
 Now secure communications fly between Langley and Vauxhall Cross, each side accusing the other of poaching and breaking unwritten agreements.
 Neither will back down.
 In a world where information is power and analysis is warfare, someone like you.


TikTok

 They made you everything they feared you would become.
 They activated powers in you that might have stayed dormant forever.
 They connected you to ancestors who might have stayed quiet.
 They forced you to discover strength you might never have needed to find, in trying to destroy you, they completed you, in trying to end you, they began you, in trying to curse you, they blessed you beyond measure.
 Your ancestors want you to know something important.
 This protection you have isn't passive.
 It's active.


TikTok

 It's not just a shield, it's a living force.
 Every time someone tries to harm you spiritually, it doesn't just block the attack.
 It learns from it.
 It adapts to it.
 It becomes immune to that specific type of assault forever.
 You're not just protected, you're constantly upgrading.
 Every failed attack against you is added to your spiritual database, making you immune to that method permanently.
 Think about what this means.
 Every person who has ever tried to harm you spiritually has contributed to your invincibility.


TikTok

 Every spell that's ever been cast against you has made you immune to that type of magic.
 Every negative intention that's ever been directed at you has been cataloged and neutralized forever.
 You're building an immunity to darkness itself.
 Becoming allergic to defeat, developing antibodies against the attack that will be passed down to your own descendants.
 This is your inheritance finally, fully activated, not just money, or property, or family heirlooms.
 But spiritual authority accumulated over generations.


TikTok

 The right to walk through this world untouchable, the ability to exist without fear of unseen forces, the knowledge that you are backed by something infinitely more powerful than anything that could come against you.
 This isn't arrogance.
 It's arithmetic.
 The math of the spiritual world calculated in your favor before you were even born.
 Your ancestors smile because they know something these attackers don't.
 They know.
 They know that every attack against you just proves you're the one.


TikTok

 The one who carries the light forward.
 The one who breaks the curses for the whole family line.
 Collective, I don't know why, but they correlate, you want to be by yourself.
 You wanted to be in your own energy.
 What, there's a problem between y'all 2 or some sort.
 Like, I got a problem.
 There's no issue.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just don't want to be bothered.
 You just don't want, you don't want to even have any other people.
 You don't want to have any other energies around you just besides your own energy.
 You want to be in your own energy.
 You feel me?
 Like you want to be in your own vibe.
 Like, And people mistake that for you.
 Or y'all having a problem of some sort.
 When you genuinely just like, You just like to chill, bro.
 I feel like,


TikTok

 A lot of people just be.
 Because you know when you would tell a person, you really a chill person.
 You a chill person because you you tolerate less bullshit.
 You feel me?
 That's why you're so terrible because you tolerate, you have a 0 tolerance for the, the, the, the idiotic idiotic shit.
 Your patience is only but so big, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, no, even though you are a very patient person, you wait in line all day.
 You'll let people cut in front of you.
 That's how patient you are because you're never in a rush.


TikTok

 But when it comes to your inner space, get your personal space, right, now you're doing a little too much. What the fuck is this?
 You know, but even when you're not acting like that, when you just chill, when you want to go dip off, be by yourself, people, and they had, they get to thinking like, is this something wrong with me?
 Is this, is this something going on?
 people think there's some secret hen beef or



TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside, and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the walks and the park days.


TikTok

 I've been keeping propel fitness powder with me pretty much anytime I'm out and about.
 This thing you're about to do, it's a 180 degree turn from what you're doing now.
 And it's gonna set you up.
 And the only reason you're going to be able to do it,
 Is because of all the growth.
 Because of all the skills you've acquired throughout the years.
 Okay?
 And not anyone can do this.


TikTok

 And you're going to be the 1st and only one from your lineage that actually does this.
 And these people are going to be speechless, ironically, because they're hardly ever speechless.
 They're always gossiping.
 They always have your name and other people's names and their mouths.
 But they're going to have to give you your flowers.
 Even if it's privately, amongst themselves, they're gonna have to admit.
 They misunderstood you.
 They're going to have to admit.


TikTok

 Congratulations.
 Without realizing it, you've become the quiet center of a storm you can't yet see.
 The invisible axis around which rooms you'll never enter are now spinning out of orbit.
 Somewhere deep inside windowless offices built to withstand bomb blasts.
 protocols meant for international crises, not individuals.
 have been triggered.
 Red lights flashing on dashboards that have never lit up at once.
 And all of it because of you.
 You have become a classified event, a breathing border violation, a walking piece of restricted code, a diplomatic nightmare dressed in ordinary clothes.


TikTok

 Welcome to the most exclusive bidding war in intelligence history.
 where the currency isn't money or influence or leverage, but something far rarer.
 You.
 You might think this is the stuff of late night message boards, conspiracy podcasts, or some algorithms uncanny attempt to match your secret searches.
 But there's a paper trail now.
 A digital ghost of a moment last Tuesday at 347 a.m. when your name appeared simultaneously on 2 screens separated by an ocean.


TikTok

 In Langley, Virginia, a CIA analyst spilled coffee over sealed documents, because your profile didn't match any known archetype.
 At the exact same moment in London, an MI6 officer pushed back from their desk, so abruptly their chair toppled.
 Because they recognize something in your pattern.
 Something they'd only ever seen in theoretical war gaming models.
 Something they thought would never emerge in a civilian.
 That was the instant, when two of the most powerful intelligence agencies on Earth stopped cooperating and began competing in silence.


TikTok

 For years, they've been watching everyone, scraping data, building prediction models, turning every human into a data point.
 But you broke their algorithms.
 You zigged when they swore you'd zag.
 You disappear digitally at the very moment you should have overshared.
 Without training, you moved like an operator, compartmentalizing information, running contingencies, making choices that looked less like chance, and more like tradecraft.
 The 1st memo hit the system almost immediately.


TikTok

 Subject, unaffiliated asset displaying organic intelligence capabilities.
 Priority one, recruitment target.
 It should have been simple.
 Another talented civilian folded quietly into a scholarship that doesn't exist.
 A mysterious job offer with a high clearance.
 But both agencies saw you at once, and what should have been routine, turned into a covert turf war.
 Inside CIA files, you're now subject 747, but the analysts call you the Ghost in the Machine.


TikTok

 Not because you're hiding, but because you leave traces they can't decode.
 You move through life like someone trained, yet you've never been trained.
 You act like someone who survived interrogation.
 Yet you've never been captured.
 You move as if you know you're being watched, not paranoid, just careful.
 MI6, meanwhile, refers to you as prospect prime.
 Three senior officers have been fighting over your recruitment for 6 weeks, running your behavioral pattern through the most advanced assessment tools in existence.


TikTok

 Every result comes back the same, error, undefined, no category.
 The Americans see you as the prototype of a new generation of intelligence, operators who thrive in digital shadows, who find order in chaos, who stay calm while systems collapse.
 They've drafted 3 separate recruitment strategies, each tailored to what they think drives you.
 And each time they believe they've mapped you, you reveal another capability and force them to start over.
 The British see something older, an echo of the Cold War's aristocratic operators, the ones who toppled governments with a whisper at the right embassy party.


TikTok

 Six months ago, the CIA assigned their most successful recruiter to your case.
 They know your coffee, your books, your late night fears.
 They've mapped your social network, tagged the people who could influence you, calculated the precise approach to guarantee your cooperation.
 But you didn't react as predicted.
 At the same time, MI6 activated what they call the cultivation protocol.
 Three agents were embedded into your life from different angles, a regular at your coffee shop, a new face at your gym.


TikTok

 A stranger at your professional events.
 They weren't there to recruit you yet, only to observe.
 To learn what makes you trust.
 What makes you commit?
 But something in your pattern shifted the moment they entered your orbit, as if you sensed them on some level they couldn't measure.
 Now secure communications fly between Langley and Vauxhall Cross, each side accusing the other of poaching and breaking unwritten agreements.
 Neither will back down.
 In a world where information is power and analysis is warfare, someone like you.


TikTok

 They made you everything they feared you would become.
 They activated powers in you that might have stayed dormant forever.
 They connected you to ancestors who might have stayed quiet.
 They forced you to discover strength you might never have needed to find, in trying to destroy you, they completed you, in trying to end you, they began you, in trying to curse you, they blessed you beyond measure.
 Your ancestors want you to know something important.
 This protection you have isn't passive.
 It's active.


TikTok

 It's not just a shield, it's a living force.
 Every time someone tries to harm you spiritually, it doesn't just block the attack.
 It learns from it.
 It adapts to it.
 It becomes immune to that specific type of assault forever.
 You're not just protected, you're constantly upgrading.
 Every failed attack against you is added to your spiritual database, making you immune to that method permanently.
 Think about what this means.
 Every person who has ever tried to harm you spiritually has contributed to your invincibility.


TikTok

 Every spell that's ever been cast against you has made you immune to that type of magic.
 Every negative intention that's ever been directed at you has been cataloged and neutralized forever.
 You're building an immunity to darkness itself.
 Becoming allergic to defeat, developing antibodies against the attack that will be passed down to your own descendants.
 This is your inheritance finally, fully activated, not just money, or property, or family heirlooms.
 But spiritual authority accumulated over generations.


TikTok

 The right to walk through this world untouchable, the ability to exist without fear of unseen forces, the knowledge that you are backed by something infinitely more powerful than anything that could come against you.
 This isn't arrogance.
 It's arithmetic.
 The math of the spiritual world calculated in your favor before you were even born.
 Your ancestors smile because they know something these attackers don't.
 They know.
 They know that every attack against you just proves you're the one.


TikTok

 The one who carries the light forward.
 The one who breaks the curses for the whole family line.
 Collective, I don't know why, but they correlate, you want to be by yourself.
 You wanted to be in your own energy.
 What, there's a problem between y'all 2 or some sort.
 Like, I got a problem.
 There's no issue.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just don't want to be bothered.
 You just don't want, you don't want to even have any other people.
 You don't want to have any other energies around you just besides your own energy.
 You want to be in your own energy.
 You feel me?
 Like you want to be in your own vibe.
 Like, And people mistake that for you.
 Or y'all having a problem of some sort.
 When you genuinely just like, You just like to chill, bro.
 I feel like,


TikTok

 A lot of people just be.
 Because you know when you would tell a person, you really a chill person.
 You a chill person because you you tolerate less bullshit.
 You feel me?
 That's why you're so terrible because you tolerate, you have a 0 tolerance for the, the, the, the idiotic idiotic shit.
 Your patience is only but so big, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, no, even though you are a very patient person, you wait in line all day.
 You'll let people cut in front of you.
 That's how patient you are because you're never in a rush.


TikTok

 But when it comes to your inner space, get your personal space, right, now you're doing a little too much. What the fuck is this?
 You know, but even when you're not acting like that, when you just chill, when you want to go dip off, be by yourself, people, and they had, they get to thinking like, is this something wrong with me?
 Is this, is this something going on?
 people think there's some secret hen beef or



You hear me out? Uh, negative.
---------------------


--- NEW SYNTHESIS ---
And that's what they know they did. And they still thinking about you.
---------------------


--- NEW SYNTHESIS ---
And I didn't say a word. I think it's a certain game.
---------------------


--- NEW SYNTHESIS ---
And by you looking at people as energy, the whole life changed. We should be able to voice our pan, you know what I'm saying?
---------------------
TikTok

You know, the hard part, the hard truth of the situation is maybe, maybe you should be further along.
 literally.
 But if you beat yourself up about it, if you continue to, you know, spiral in that way.
 Just cleaning cups here.
 Um, you're someone who's very lovely by your turn very kind.
 And the stress, the stress is, like, the ending of old things in the beginning of new things.
 Maybe you feel like you're just unsure what the next steps are.


TikTok

 Stupid ass woop that you don't like.
 You wake up every day, you go to work, you come home to a, people are scared of you.
 Okay?
 People are scared of you because they feel like you're so outspoken.
 Like, you don't hold back.
 You mean what you say, you say what you mean.
 Some people think, and I don't know why I'm getting this, but some people think that you are unapologetically honest, that if you are honest and you have the facts to back you up, okay, that you're not going to.


TikTok

 To apologize on what you said because you're truthful on what you stand on, okay?
 So you have people here that are trying to handle you with care, and they are afraid to bring your name up because the thing here is they feel like they don't want friction, they don't want smoke with you, or just, they just don't want confrontation with you because they, they sense in their energy that confirmation burp, there is um, energy of,


TikTok

 Karma.
 I don't know what, I don't know what that is.
 It's like more of like,
 And we got the tempers at the bottom of the deck, which is very interesting because they feel like your truth,
 Okay, is prophetic.
 Right?
 They feel like it's coming from a prophetic place.
 1033 in my clock and one, two, 3 on this timestamp, okay?
 Like, your intuition is sharp.
 You are a person who is chosen, who is anointed, okay?


TikTok

 So when you speak, you create room and space for authenticity, for raw uncensorship and realistic expectations to take place 144 on this time stamp.
 All right, that's exactly what it is.
 So you have people here that are saying that you're very cutthroat queen of swords.
 You were their golden ticket.


TikTok

 You were the ticket that was gonna open up so many blessings in their life.
 chose, and I need you to understand this.
 They didn't reject you.
 They rejected the blessings that were sent with you.
 And the father did not allow them to see.
 The blessings because he wanted to see how they was gonna handle you when he sent you in.
 See, behind closed doors, you may not sing that they were praying for love, unconditional love or unconditional love, praying for, you know, God to open up doors or, you know, bring, you know, stability, uh, Stern Foundation in their life.


TikTok

 You didn't see it.
 The father saw it.
 But when you were sitting in their life, They really did not want to do what is required to have you.
 They just wanted the blessings.
 They did not want to change, did not want to rearrange.
 They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings.
 And they're gonna make you think that, you know, there's others out there like you know, it's only one chosen.


TikTok

 You are not like everybody else.
 You are one of the ones they gonna try to make you believe that there were more other women or men in their life was just like, you know.
 You cannot be replaced.
 I don't care if they try to find a replacement till the end of time.
 They would never, ever, ever find another chosen one.
 You come once in a lifetime.
 If that was the case, every woman and man that they crossed, including living in their families or their friendships, they would been prospered.


TikTok

 Just look at their lifestyle.
 Because when the chosen leave, the blessings leave.
 The favor leave, and they go right back to square one, running from A to B, to C, to D, to E, to F to G.
 Opportunities shut down.
 Blessings shut down.
 Financial blessings shut down.
 Anything that will move them forward gonna shut down because one thing about the most high God.


TikTok

 He don't allow many of his children out here.
 Now, the wicked ones, yes, they prospering.
 And if you be in your head where the wicked ones prosper, I want to break that down to you real quick.
 The wicked ones is going to prosper because they still doing the things of the kingdom of darkness.
 fornicating, adultery.
 So in discord, pride, arrogance, spreading hate, drama out here, stirring up strife.


TikTok

 They're doing all the things for Satan.
 So Satan gonna bless them with the illusions of this world.
 You're not an illusions.
 You're walking in your truth.
 You're not going to, you're not going to negotiate and you're definitely not going to compromise your faith for any type of funding.
 They are.
 If Satan say, look naked, they're gonna look naked.
 If Satan said, go out there and show this and show that, they're going to show this and show that to maintain the non-blessings from Satan.


TikTok

 When Satan went up on that high mountain with the Messiahs, what did he tell the Messiahs?
 If you worship and bow to me, I would give you all of these things.
 And he pointed from the top of the mountains down to the villages and the cities, the things of this earth.
 Illusions.
 You have to stay in sin.
 You got to stay bitter.
 You can't grow.
 You cannot elevate.


TikTok

 You gotta stay the same, but you can change blessings from Satan. And Satan blessings are not blessings.
 It is a self destruction.
 Later on down the line, these people aging.
 These people, eyes are tired, They ain't got no voice.
 They really don't have no power because behind closed doors, they cannot handle challenges.


TikTok

 They are not good under pressure.
 They apply pressure, but they're not good with pressure being applied to them.
 Just understand, it's only one chosen per environment.
 You are the ultimate blessing, and people don't understand that.
 But just know those wicked ones is not going to come out and say, you the best I ever had because that pride won't allow them to do so.
 Again, chosen ones are rare.


TikTok

 We are once in a lifetime.
 We are the golden ticket to many to unlock your blessings that the Father got for you, but because your pride keeps getting in the way, You keep allowing it to get in the way.
 You're getting in your own way.
 The father gonna remove the blessings out of the way.
 Y'all be blessed.
 Now that the weather has finally gotten warmer, I've been spending a lot more time outside, and sometimes I forget how easy it is to get dehydrated from just everyday life between the walks and the park days.


TikTok

 I've been keeping propel fitness powder with me pretty much anytime I'm out and about.
 This thing you're about to do, it's a 180 degree turn from what you're doing now.
 And it's gonna set you up.
 And the only reason you're going to be able to do it,
 Is because of all the growth.
 Because of all the skills you've acquired throughout the years.
 Okay?
 And not anyone can do this.


TikTok

 And you're going to be the 1st and only one from your lineage that actually does this.
 And these people are going to be speechless, ironically, because they're hardly ever speechless.
 They're always gossiping.
 They always have your name and other people's names and their mouths.
 But they're going to have to give you your flowers.
 Even if it's privately, amongst themselves, they're gonna have to admit.
 They misunderstood you.
 They're going to have to admit.


TikTok

 Congratulations.
 Without realizing it, you've become the quiet center of a storm you can't yet see.
 The invisible axis around which rooms you'll never enter are now spinning out of orbit.
 Somewhere deep inside windowless offices built to withstand bomb blasts.
 protocols meant for international crises, not individuals.
 have been triggered.
 Red lights flashing on dashboards that have never lit up at once.
 And all of it because of you.
 You have become a classified event, a breathing border violation, a walking piece of restricted code, a diplomatic nightmare dressed in ordinary clothes.


TikTok

 Welcome to the most exclusive bidding war in intelligence history.
 where the currency isn't money or influence or leverage, but something far rarer.
 You.
 You might think this is the stuff of late night message boards, conspiracy podcasts, or some algorithms uncanny attempt to match your secret searches.
 But there's a paper trail now.
 A digital ghost of a moment last Tuesday at 347 a.m. when your name appeared simultaneously on 2 screens separated by an ocean.


TikTok

 In Langley, Virginia, a CIA analyst spilled coffee over sealed documents, because your profile didn't match any known archetype.
 At the exact same moment in London, an MI6 officer pushed back from their desk, so abruptly their chair toppled.
 Because they recognize something in your pattern.
 Something they'd only ever seen in theoretical war gaming models.
 Something they thought would never emerge in a civilian.
 That was the instant, when two of the most powerful intelligence agencies on Earth stopped cooperating and began competing in silence.


TikTok

 For years, they've been watching everyone, scraping data, building prediction models, turning every human into a data point.
 But you broke their algorithms.
 You zigged when they swore you'd zag.
 You disappear digitally at the very moment you should have overshared.
 Without training, you moved like an operator, compartmentalizing information, running contingencies, making choices that looked less like chance, and more like tradecraft.
 The 1st memo hit the system almost immediately.


TikTok

 Subject, unaffiliated asset displaying organic intelligence capabilities.
 Priority one, recruitment target.
 It should have been simple.
 Another talented civilian folded quietly into a scholarship that doesn't exist.
 A mysterious job offer with a high clearance.
 But both agencies saw you at once, and what should have been routine, turned into a covert turf war.
 Inside CIA files, you're now subject 747, but the analysts call you the Ghost in the Machine.


TikTok

 Not because you're hiding, but because you leave traces they can't decode.
 You move through life like someone trained, yet you've never been trained.
 You act like someone who survived interrogation.
 Yet you've never been captured.
 You move as if you know you're being watched, not paranoid, just careful.
 MI6, meanwhile, refers to you as prospect prime.
 Three senior officers have been fighting over your recruitment for 6 weeks, running your behavioral pattern through the most advanced assessment tools in existence.


TikTok

 Every result comes back the same, error, undefined, no category.
 The Americans see you as the prototype of a new generation of intelligence, operators who thrive in digital shadows, who find order in chaos, who stay calm while systems collapse.
 They've drafted 3 separate recruitment strategies, each tailored to what they think drives you.
 And each time they believe they've mapped you, you reveal another capability and force them to start over.
 The British see something older, an echo of the Cold War's aristocratic operators, the ones who toppled governments with a whisper at the right embassy party.


TikTok

 Six months ago, the CIA assigned their most successful recruiter to your case.
 They know your coffee, your books, your late night fears.
 They've mapped your social network, tagged the people who could influence you, calculated the precise approach to guarantee your cooperation.
 But you didn't react as predicted.
 At the same time, MI6 activated what they call the cultivation protocol.
 Three agents were embedded into your life from different angles, a regular at your coffee shop, a new face at your gym.


TikTok

 A stranger at your professional events.
 They weren't there to recruit you yet, only to observe.
 To learn what makes you trust.
 What makes you commit?
 But something in your pattern shifted the moment they entered your orbit, as if you sensed them on some level they couldn't measure.
 Now secure communications fly between Langley and Vauxhall Cross, each side accusing the other of poaching and breaking unwritten agreements.
 Neither will back down.
 In a world where information is power and analysis is warfare, someone like you.


TikTok

 They made you everything they feared you would become.
 They activated powers in you that might have stayed dormant forever.
 They connected you to ancestors who might have stayed quiet.
 They forced you to discover strength you might never have needed to find, in trying to destroy you, they completed you, in trying to end you, they began you, in trying to curse you, they blessed you beyond measure.
 Your ancestors want you to know something important.
 This protection you have isn't passive.
 It's active.


TikTok

 It's not just a shield, it's a living force.
 Every time someone tries to harm you spiritually, it doesn't just block the attack.
 It learns from it.
 It adapts to it.
 It becomes immune to that specific type of assault forever.
 You're not just protected, you're constantly upgrading.
 Every failed attack against you is added to your spiritual database, making you immune to that method permanently.
 Think about what this means.
 Every person who has ever tried to harm you spiritually has contributed to your invincibility.


TikTok

 Every spell that's ever been cast against you has made you immune to that type of magic.
 Every negative intention that's ever been directed at you has been cataloged and neutralized forever.
 You're building an immunity to darkness itself.
 Becoming allergic to defeat, developing antibodies against the attack that will be passed down to your own descendants.
 This is your inheritance finally, fully activated, not just money, or property, or family heirlooms.
 But spiritual authority accumulated over generations.


TikTok

 The right to walk through this world untouchable, the ability to exist without fear of unseen forces, the knowledge that you are backed by something infinitely more powerful than anything that could come against you.
 This isn't arrogance.
 It's arithmetic.
 The math of the spiritual world calculated in your favor before you were even born.
 Your ancestors smile because they know something these attackers don't.
 They know.
 They know that every attack against you just proves you're the one.


TikTok

 The one who carries the light forward.
 The one who breaks the curses for the whole family line.
 Collective, I don't know why, but they correlate, you want to be by yourself.
 You wanted to be in your own energy.
 What, there's a problem between y'all 2 or some sort.
 Like, I got a problem.
 There's no issue.


TikTok

 Sometimes you just don't want to be bothered.
 You just don't want, you don't want to even have any other people.
 You don't want to have any other energies around you just besides your own energy.
 You want to be in your own energy.
 You feel me?
 Like you want to be in your own vibe.
 Like, And people mistake that for you.
 Or y'all having a problem of some sort.
 When you genuinely just like, You just like to chill, bro.
 I feel like,


TikTok

 A lot of people just be.
 Because you know when you would tell a person, you really a chill person.
 You a chill person because you you tolerate less bullshit.
 You feel me?
 That's why you're so terrible because you tolerate, you have a 0 tolerance for the, the, the, the idiotic idiotic shit.
 Your patience is only but so big, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, no, even though you are a very patient person, you wait in line all day.
 You'll let people cut in front of you.
 That's how patient you are because you're never in a rush.


TikTok

 But when it comes to your inner space, get your personal space, right, now you're doing a little too much. What the fuck is this?
 You know, but even when you're not acting like that, when you just chill, when you want to go dip off, be by yourself, people, and they had, they get to thinking like, is this something wrong with me?
 Is this, is this something going on?
 People think there's some secret hidden beef or animosity when there's nothing like that.
 It just people don't understand.
 Maybe because they think that they so fucking special.
 They think that they such amazing and charismatic that who wouldn't want to be around me.


TikTok

 And the fact that you don't want to be around them, it makes them look at themselves different because you know you are very collective, let's be real, you are very...
 I don't even know how to put it bro.
 Do you know a lot of people look up to you?
 You know, a lot of people place you on a pedestal, so let's be, you are a person that's on that pedestal.
 So when they see you now, I want to talk to them, I want to be around them.
 be like, what the fuck?
 Like,
 This person should want to be around me because I miss.
 I'm not because, you know, I don't give fuck who you are, bro.
 I don't give a fuck about your credentials, your resume game.


TikTok

 of that shit means nothing to me, bro.
 Like, I don't give, I don't give a fuck, what type of blood type you got, gang?
 I don't care.
 You know, a lot of niggas think just because they aren't something that done something that you're supposed to want to be around them or you just like, you know, you, that means like, you know, people probably used to people worshiping them in Dick Ron.
 don't dick rob nobody.
 I'm about to dick Roger game.
 I dont give fucking if I knew you since forever.
 I'm not about to be like, every time I see you, oh, wait, nigga, if I know you, nigga, I can know you for the last 6 months, nigga, if I see you, I'm like, what's good?


TikTok

 I'm not even trying to dap your hand, nigga. Fuck,
 I got to keep dapping your hand for you.
 You know me already, nigga.
 Fuck.
 You feel me?
 Like, get the fuck out of here.
 I don't like that shit.
 the fuck up.
 Like, you know, I collect that early for, like, people do that to you because they be feeling like, and they had, they so special.
 But you treat them like they regular fucking people because that's who the fuck you are.
 You're not a god, nigga.
 Not a.
 You're regular fucking person.


TikTok

 That's these people problem.
 They think they bigger than who the fuck they really think they is, nigga.
 They really do.
 Like, people really be super egotistical around this motherfucker.
 And you always show people what's different levels to this shit, but there's no levels to egos, but it's different levels to this aura.
 It's different levels to this confidence shit.
 You feel me?
 You just always let people know, gang, it's different levels to this shit, gang.
 Like, God just owns some superficial materialistical shit, gang.
 different levels.
 Bahana, we passed that.


TikTok

 You vibrate higher, you vibrate higher than that.
 But I'm saying is to say this.
 A lot of people think that it's always, you have a problem when you, when you decide to distance yourself.
 When you decide to pull back your energy, They think, oh, he or she has to be mad at me or I had to do something or did I say something?
 Did I not do something for them?
 When you just assembly, decided, yo, I want to be by myself. I want to chill.


TikTok

authentic self.


TikTok

 Use



They pushed you to uncover a core of resilience you otherwise would have left dormant. In their clumsy attempts to break you, they actually cemented your foundation; their efforts to erase you served only as your origin. By attempting to cast shadows, they unwittingly illuminated your path. It is a rare, magnetic energy.
This dynamic has been building for years—born of momentum and raw spirit. Despite having no formal training, you began operating with the precision of a professional: compartmentalizing the noise, managing complex contingencies, and making decisions that carried the weight of deliberate tradecraft rather than blind luck. A part of you simply refused to be hollowed out.
There is a strange, collective pressure in these environments designed to make you feel small or undesirable, likely driven by a misunderstanding of how you function. People are unsettled by your ability to show up as yourself—fully authentic, unburdened by the usual performance of insecurity, shame, or the paralyzing fear of public opinion. They cannot grasp how you remain so grounded in your own skin while they remain tethered to the judgment of others.
Best, Best.

TikTok

They never seen nobody operate on a level you've been operating, man.
 So you really got to keep shining, stand un finish and I'm like shit



TikTok

They never seen nobody operate on a level you've been operating, man.
 So you really gotta keep shining, stand unfinished, and I'm like, shit, stop you, man.
 For real.
 Hey, man, I don't know need to hear this, but you got a lot of people fucked up, right?
 You may be.
 Feeling lighter or like you have.


TikTok

 Have more energy.
 You are free from burden.
 In this time of your life, you are free from obligations that you don't want to be a part of.
 You're free from negative influences in your life.
 You're free from self-


X

Three, you wake up in the middle of the night, covered in blood with claw marks on your body.
 Your 4 dogs are in bed with you.
 Your wife Susie is asleep right next to you.
 Walk me through the next 10 minutes, like, what did you do when you woke up, covered in blood?
 Well, I didn't know that I had been wounded or had blood on me.
 I had no idea.
 I'm a very deep sleeper in contrast to my 4 dogs who are all hunting dogs and my wife, who's had 4 kids, so she's like, oh, very light sleeper.


X

 So I sleep for anything.
 And I woke up because I couldn't breathe.
 And, um, I was, and it wasn't like sleep apnea.
 I've been snoring.
 I used to drink too much and you know, if you get really drunk and you fall asleep, you'll, you know, you snore yourself awake kind of thing.
 It wasn't like that.
 It was like shut down, like nowhere.
 And I stood in the, and I wasn't afraid, I was panicked, physically panicked, but I wasn't like, I didn't have existential terror.
 I was like, this is kind of amazing.
 can't breathe.
 And I went and stood, we live on the ground floor and uh, well, we have a one story house.


X

 So we live on the ground floor, but um, I stood in the doorway of our bedroom.
 And I was like, wow, I'm dying.
 is crazy.
 And then slowly, you know, air started coming back.
 So I walked around our backyard.
 And I was like, this is wildest thing has ever happened.
 I walk back in and my wife wakes up and she goes, everything okay?
 I said, I couldn't.
 woke up.
 couldn't breathe.
 That was like, that was, that was bizarre.
 That was terrifying.
 And as I'm talking, we're all going to have this like horrible pains under my arms.


X

 sort of in back.
 And on my back.
 And, uh, like bad.
 and my 1st was I felt like it like hit by barbed wire



TikTok

They never seen nobody operate on a level you've been operating, man.
 So you really gotta keep shining, stand unfinished, and I'm like, shit, stop you, man.
 For real.
 Hey, man, I don't know need to hear this, but you got a lot of people fucked up, right?
 You may be.
 Feeling lighter or like you have.


TikTok

 Have more energy.
 You are free from burden.
 In this time of your life, you are free from obligations that you don't want to be a part of.
 You're free from negative influences in your life.
 You're free from self-


X

Three, you wake up in the middle of the night, covered in blood with claw marks on your body.
 Your 4 dogs are in bed with you.
 Your wife Susie is asleep right next to you.
 Walk me through the next 10 minutes, like, what did you do when you woke up, covered in blood?
 Well, I didn't know that I had been wounded or had blood on me.
 I had no idea.
 I'm a very deep sleeper in contrast to my 4 dogs who are all hunting dogs and my wife, who's had 4 kids, so she's like, oh, very light sleeper.


X

 So I sleep for anything.
 And I woke up because I couldn't breathe.
 And, um, I was, and it wasn't like sleep apnea.
 I've been snoring.
 I used to drink too much and you know, if you get really drunk and you fall asleep, you'll, you know, you snore yourself awake kind of thing.
 It wasn't like that.
 It was like shut down, like nowhere.
 And I stood in the, and I wasn't afraid, I was panicked, physically panicked, but I wasn't like, I didn't have existential terror.
 I was like, this is kind of amazing.
 can't breathe.
 And I went and stood, we live on the ground floor and uh, well, we have a one story house.


X

 So we live on the ground floor, but um, I stood in the doorway of our bedroom.
 And I was like, wow, I'm dying.
 is crazy.
 And then slowly, you know, air started coming back.
 So I walked around our backyard.
 And I was like, this is wildest thing has ever happened.
 I walk back in and my wife wakes up and she goes, everything okay?
 I said, I couldn't.
 woke up.
 couldn't breathe.
 That was like, that was, that was bizarre.
 That was terrifying.
 And as I'm talking, we're all going to have this like horrible pains under my arms.


X

 sort of in back.
 And on my back.
 And, uh, like bad.
 And my 1st was, I felt like it, like hit by barbed wire.
 So while I'm talking, I'm going to the bathroom and I flip on the light, I'm just in my boxer shorts, and I have, I look, and I've got claw marks, 4 claw marks under both arms, and then on my back.
 And uh, and they're bloody.
 Like blood is coming into the scratches.
 And I walk in with a light on, she goes, what's that?
 I said, I have no idea.


X

 And I said, I think I got attacked by like a demon or something.
 It was the 1st thing I thought, which is kind of weird because I'm not



X

Brain itself has not evolved one more wrinkle since then.
 So it's identical brain to 100,000 years ago.
 Has it devolved?
 There's no proof of that either.
 And and that wouldn't, they would be measuring interior skull volume.
 and things like that.
 So over the course of time, your ancestors, if they piss someone off in the tribe, And they get judged by a lot of people on the tribe, they do something silly and they get some kind of judgment.


X

 They get excommunicated.
 They get exiled and kicked out of the tribe.
 This meant death.
 Like, A, they're not going to have food and support anymore, water.
 All this other stuff that's very important to life, but B, they can't have sex anymore.
 They're not attractive to a mate anymore.
 And now their their genes die.
 So now it's not just death for me.
 It's a full death of my genetic bloodline.
 It's massive.
 And we hear people all the time say, well, this public speaking is the number one fear of people.


X

 But speaking is never what people are afraid of.
 It's the judgment, the potential for judgment.
 Somebody's gonna judge me.
 I'm going to get laughed.
 I'm gonna get kicked off the stage or something like that.



X

Brain itself has not evolved one more wrinkle since then.
 So it's identical brain to 100,000 years ago.
 Has it devolved?
 There's no proof of that either.
 And and that wouldn't, they would be measuring interior skull volume.
 and things like that.
 So over the course of time, your ancestors, if they piss someone off in the tribe, And they get judged by a lot of people on the tribe, they do something silly and they get some kind of judgment.


X

 They get excommunicated.
 They get exiled and kicked out of the tribe.
 This meant death.
 Like, A, they're not going to have food and support anymore, water.
 All this other stuff that's very important to life, but B, they can't have sex anymore.
 They're not attractive to a mate anymore.
 And now their their genes die.
 So now it's not just death for me.
 It's a full death of my genetic bloodline.
 It's massive.
 And we hear people all the time say, well, this public speaking is the number one fear of people.


X

 But speaking is never what people are afraid of.
 It's the judgment, the potential for judgment.
 Somebody's gonna judge me.
 I'm going to get laughed.
 I'm gonna get kicked off the stage or something like that.
 That is hardwired into our nervous system, and it's inside of the lower part of our brain.
 And if I can target the non-human part of the brain, this mammalian mammal brain inside of our brain.
 That governs your whole life.
 It's the thing that keeps your heart beating.
 It's the thing that, uh, if you say, I'm going to hold my breath until I die, the reason that you can't is that part of your brain's in charge.


X

 It's either going to make you breathe or knock your ass out, you know?
 This social fear, being afraid of what other people are going to think of me, became weaponized, hardcore weaponized just in the last 15, 20 years.
 With social media coming out.
 Our brains are wired to handle 120 people.
 And then social media becomes this placebo of connection.
 What do you mean our brains are wired to handle a 20, 120 people?


X

 I mean, we can, we can,
 I think the Wall Street Journal just puts something out very similar to those couple days ago saying that the human mind can only basically, uh, effectively panel 150 different relationships with people.
 Is that what you're is that where we're going?



X

Brain itself has not evolved one more wrinkle since then.
 So it's identical brain to 100,000 years ago.
 Has it devolved?
 There's no proof of that either.
 And and that wouldn't, they would be measuring interior skull volume.
 and things like that.
 So over the course of time, your ancestors, if they piss someone off in the tribe, And they get judged by a lot of people on the tribe, they do something silly and they get some kind of judgment.


X

 They get excommunicated.
 They get exiled and kicked out of the tribe.
 This meant death.
 Like, A, they're not going to have food and support anymore, water.
 All this other stuff that's very important to life, but B, they can't have sex anymore.
 They're not attractive to a mate anymore.
 And now their their genes die.
 So now it's not just death for me.
 It's a full death of my genetic bloodline.
 It's massive.
 And we hear people all the time say, well, this public speaking is the number one fear of people.


X

 But speaking is never what people are afraid of.
 It's the judgment, the potential for judgment.
 Somebody's gonna judge me.
 I'm going to get laughed.
 I'm gonna get kicked off the stage or something like that.
 That is hardwired into our nervous system, and it's inside of the lower part of our brain.
 And if I can target the non-human part of the brain, this mammalian mammal brain inside of our brain.
 That governs your whole life.
 It's the thing that keeps your heart beating.
 It's the thing that, uh, if you say, I'm going to hold my breath until I die, the reason that you can't is that part of your brain's in charge.


X

 It's either going to make you breathe or knock your ass out, you know?
 This social fear, being afraid of what other people are going to think of me, became weaponized, hardcore weaponized just in the last 15, 20 years.
 With social media coming out.
 Our brains are wired to handle 120 people.
 And then social media becomes this placebo of connection.
 What do you mean our brains are wired to handle a 20, 120 people?


X

 I mean, we can, we can,
 I think the Wall Street Journal just puts something out very similar to those couple days ago saying that the human mind can only basically, uh, effectively panel 150 different relationships with people.
 Is that what you're is that where we're going?



TikTok

 Is that my fault?
 What the fuck they gotta do with me?
 Nigga?
 Thank the most high God, the most high God separated you from all of that darkness, all of that gloom, all of that bitch assness, separated you from these motherfuckers.
 and have these stupid, dumb motherfuckers thinking that, oh, uh, we stopped fucking with him.
 Nigga, nah, nigga.
 Nah, it looked like that.
 But after the smoke cleared, y'all are the ones that's looking like some bitches.


TikTok

 Y'all the ones look like some holes, nigga.
 Y'all the ones that look like the the the B side, nigga.
 The fuck?
 Come on, man.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, what the fuck are you talking about?
 Like, something big is happening for you.
 And it's happening unexpectedly, and all of a sudden.
 There is a big change coming in.
 And at first, it's going to appear to be small.
 But this is actually the catalyst you need.


TikTok

 This is going to bring in massive changes in the coming months.
 And don't worry about the time, because time is about to fly.
 Things are going to change rapidly.
 In a few months from now, you won't believe just how much of a change you're about to experience.
 Your life is going to look a whole lot different.
 A major shift is occurring in your identity.


TikTok

 The way you see yourself.
 This is very important because how you see yourself is how the world sees you. And because your identity is shifting,
 You will know just how worthy you really are.
 And because of this shift, you will be attracting great opportunities, great things, and great people towards you effortlessly.
 Your circumstances are about to improve seemingly overnight.


TikTok

 And it's gonna happen because you put in the work.
 And the great news is you don't have to toil anymore.
 You don't have to do anything special for this to come in.
 You've already got the ball in motion.
 All of this is unfolding right now.
 Major changes are occurring.
 You're about to move into a much more desirable location.
 And every day is going to feel fantastic.


TikTok

 You're never going to be bored, and you're about to have the most fun you've ever had.
 And say goodbye to toxic people because you will no longer entertain those types of individuals anymore because you have strong discernment and you know what to look for in people now.
 You can read energy in a matter of a split 2nd and you'll know exactly what kind of spirit you're dealing with.
 You are moving into a brand new environment, which is gonna bring massive joy into your life.


TikTok

 You're gonna feel an overwhelming sense of peace.
 You're never gonna feel rushed, and every day is really gonna feel special and magical.
 And all of this is happening because a major shift is about to occur within your identity.
 The way you see yourself now is a whole lot different than the way you saw yourself just a few years ago.
 Now you know you are deserving of this, and you're about to receive major blessings.


TikTok

 See, one thing about you, after this bitch, goddamn it, you don't give a fuck who around you out of this bitch, goddamn it.
 when you goddamn handling your business out of this, bitch, goddamnit, you gonna put that shit the fuck out there out of this, bitch, goddamnit.
 We don't give a fuck about who the fuck is watching, who the fuck around us.
 You hear the Hawk.
 goddamn it.
 We don't give a fuck about none of that shit out of this bitch, goddamn it.
 You fit it there, overstanding his eyeshave.
 We gonna put that shit the fuck out there because it's our motherfucking world.
 It's our everything.
 This big goddamn man.
 Can't nobody fuck with us about this bitch.
 You finna dig?
 Fuck with a motherfucker thing.
 Fuck how a motherfucker looking at you.
 Fuck all that shit out this bitch, goddamn it.
 Oh, Shay, man.


TikTok

 We handle business around this bitch, goddamn.
 We too trim.
 We too motherfucking real out this bitch.
 God damn it.
 Overstand his eye, shake.
 We step, goddamn it.
 We step for the most high.
 We step in the Galactus.
 We definitely great mothers.
 motherfucking mother guy, a mother motherfucking T on my motherfucking tear out this bitch.
 God damn it.
 LaMaria, motherfucker, this is the new Atlantis, how this bitch goddamn.
 There always motherfucking been our motherfucking shit out of this bitch.
 Why the fuck would we ever give a fuck about who the fuck around us?
 God damn it.
 If they ain't stepping with us.
 Huh?
 We don't give a fuck about none of that shit out of this bitch goddamnit.
 Upstand, this eye shape, man.


TikTok

 We two trail out this bitch, goddamn it.
 Overstanding this eye shade.
 You fit it in, you ain't know who the fuck it is out this bitch, god damn it.
 Peace to the trial.
 Peace of the guys and guys who planted Kai, Tara, LaMaria.
 You already know how we operating, not this bitch affinity this.
 You see my motherfucking shadow?
 I this bitch.
 And then came to motherfucking play out, this bitch, goddamn it.
 Understand this, I'll shade.
 They didn't fuck with us out this bitch, period.
 Ever, out of this bitch.
 They can't fuck with us like this, bitches.
 Our world, so y'all motherfuckers better step like it out of this bitch.
 Overstand this, ah, shay.
 Peace.
 Say, yellow tail, black cockatoos that have been circling just above me.
 I've got the 6 of ones come out.


TikTok

 We have got a lot astrologically happening this week.
 This is a week of victory.
 These karmic cycles as Mars moves into the north node, activating themes of destiny.
 This is your coming home.
 The ancestors have had your backing all week.
 Just like I've been saying in my videos, the yellow tailed black cockatoos are a very strong ancestral tie.
 You've got Mercury retrograde ending.
 You've got the new moon in Pisces, which is the last sign in the zodiac we've got.


TikTok

 The 2 of cups that has just flown out.
 This is this is this is victory.
 As I said, But the strength that you have got from this victory has not been done on your own.
 You have had that guidance.
 You have had that support.
 This is a moment.
 For turning.
 This is a moment for challenge.


TikTok

 We've got the seven of ones that have come out.
 You're putting your marker in the ground.
 The final... wand is being driven into the grounds.
 The hard fought battle is almost won.
 That support that you have been receiving is turning the tide is changing what is going on for you.
 The emotions that you have been facing.


TikTok

 Look at this, blue in all 3 cards, the emotions that you have been facing will start to turn this week.
 The challenges that you have been facing.
 will start to change this week.
 The Empress is back.
 This is the week that you step into your power.
 This is the week.
 that the battles that you have been fighting, the hardness that you have had to shown, you can finally soften, you can breathe.


TikTok

 You are protected.
 You looked after.
 This week.
 Thank you, is a very big week.
 It's a great week.
 My car one's back.
 The messenger's here.
 So forget everything that's been behind you because it's not in front of you anymore.
 Put the battle down, put everything down that's in front of your face that's in your way, that's challenging you, because it's coming.
 The battle is almost over.


TikTok

 The emotions that you were facing will disappear.
 This is a week to step forward.
 Embrace it.
 It's coming.
 Don't forget to like, share, and save this one.
 And if you need a private reading, you can see Jeff Rogan just got schooled on his own podcast.
 Watch this before they take it down.
 The last time we were talking, you were telling me about some shit that helps your liver after you drink?
 Glutath.
 And that helps your liver when you drink alcohol?
 It helps you with just about anything that delivers responsible for digesting or metabolizing.


TikTok

 As you metabolize certain drugs, chemicals, and so forth, the liver uses up its ability to continue the process, so it spills over into the blood, and that's how you get drunk, because your liver can only deal with a certain amount.
 So if you replenish or replace the glutophion in the liver, you get incredible benefits of it.
 Not only does it help with metabolism, but it's an incredible antioxidant for the brain and for the eyes and for the heart.
 But here's the problem.
 I try glutathon and they don't work worth the shit, but then I found this doctor right here explaining why.
 Watch this.
 Because they've heard about glutophyon and how beneficial it is and how it's a great antioxidant.


TikTok

 The problem is because our body makes it inside of ourselves, inside of ourselves, we don't have a transporter to get Buddhithion from the outside of our cells, like, if we eat it, and if it makes it through our digestion, which it really doesn't, into ourselves.
 And so this kind of lutithion isn't going to make it inside of your cells.
 So this is just a waste of time.
 It is.
 going to want to get something called liposomal glutophion, liposomoglutothion has been shown to get inside, because liposomes,
 It's essentially taking the glutophion molecule and encapsulating it in something that's going to fuse with your cell.


TikTok

 After watching that, I realized two things matter.
 One, it has to be life.
 It's almost because regular glutathon gets destroyed in your gut before it does anything.
 And two, it has to be at least 500 milligrams or more.
 Anything less is a waste of money.
 I tried expensive once first.
 Symbiotic, $88.
 Live on 100 and quicksilver, $45 for a small bottle.
 Then I discovered Rosabella liposomal glutathion, 500 milligrams per serving liposomal delivery, third-party tested made in a GMP certified facility in the United States, and it's 2499.


TikTok

 I literally checked the label 3 times because I thought it was a typo.
 I've been on this for nearly 4 months.
 First week, my brain fog was gone.
 Second week, I stopped getting that 2 PM crash. By week six, my wife even said that my face looked less puffy and I had more color in my skin, and I don't know if you can see this, but my face, it hasn't looked as good in years.
 Now, I'm not a doctor.
 I'm just a guy who got tired of feeling my garbage and figured out the system.
 Rosabella is on TikTok shop.
 They do sell out fast because they're a smaller brand without the marketing budget of the bigger names.


TikTok

 Two capsules a day.
 Grab them before they're gone.
 Jeff, you are fucking weird.
 And that's why you are guaranteed success in life. Because you don't just follow trends.
 You don't just follow the pack.
 The crowd says, hey, we're going this way.
 And you say, nah.
 I'm going that way.
 Crowd says, oh, hey, we're going to do this.
 You say, no, I'm gonna do that.
 Not only am I gonna do that, I'm gonna do it in a way you've never even thought possible.


TikTok

 I'm going to do it in a way that expresses myself so authentically that people think I'm fucking batshit crazy.
 And that is... Beautiful.
 You are a creator of the master class, because you are here to create and to bring into existence things that have never existed before.
 And people think it's fucking weird.
 Because they don't understand what magic is.
 You are pure magic.


TikTok

 And your weirdness is just your unique one of one expression of that magic that you are.
 And in that, those that call it weird, are soon to turn and make attempts to claim seats that they never had.
 Those will turn and begin to follow you.
 Because they see the power of authenticity.
 of being magical, of being.
 A shift has taken place in your life.


TikTok

 Someone has entered your path who sees you for who you truly are.
 Not the mask the world tries to force upon you, not the image others created in their misunderstanding, but the authentic soul that carries divine weight and purpose.
 This person recognizes your value.
 They see the strength in your honesty, the light in your presence, and the courage in your voice.
 Where others turned away because they could not handle truth, this person leans in closer, because truth is the very air they crave.


TikTok

 Their respect for you is not shallow admiration.
 It is not based on appearances or convenience.
 It is born from recognition.
 They see you through a spiritual lens, and they know they have encountered someone rare.
 While the world is flooded with people who wear disguises, this person treasures your authenticity, in a culture where deception is common and masks are many, your willingness to stand as you are has become priceless.
 They know you are not here to flatter, to fake, or to manipulate.
 Your words carry the sting of truth, but also the healing power of wisdom.


TikTok

 They would rather hear your correction than endure the sweet lies of another.
 That is why they hold you in such high regard.
 Gratitude fills this person's heart for having crossed paths with you.
 To them, you are not ordinary.
 You are a divine appointment, a gift they never expected but deeply needed.
 And because of this, the love they are about to show you will exceed the collective love of your past.
 Where betrayal once pierced you, their loyalty will cover you, where neglect left scars, their attention will heal.


TikTok

 Where silence hurt, their words will restore.
 Within days and weeks, you will feel a difference.
 The love and honor they pour into you will outweigh years of disappointment.
 The weight of what you endured before will be lifted by the magnitude of what you are about to receive now.
 This person knows your worth, and they are not careless with it.
 They understand that when something is rare, it must be guarded, protected, and cherished.
 They are not reckless with what they value, and you are the rarest treasure they have found.
 Unlike those who drained your energy, this person will not take without giving.


TikTok

 Unlike those who used you for their gain, this person seeks balance.
 They will reciprocate, they will honor, and they will add to your life rather than subtract from it.
 They are not an energy thief.
 They are not a manipulator.
 They are not a burden dressed as a blessing.
 They are authentic in their own right, and they recognize authenticity in you.
 They know you cannot be replaced.
 They know your kind does not exist in duplicates, and because of that, they treat you like something sacred.
 In their eyes, your worth is beyond measure, and they live daily in gratitude for your presence.


TikTok

 This connection is not ordinary, it is divine.
 It has been placed in your life at a time when you were ready to be honored, when you were strong enough to receive love without fear, and when you had healed enough to stand in your worth.
 They will walk carefully in your presence, not because they fear punishment, but because...


TikTok


 They knew, once you knew who they were, they knew the gig was up.
 See, the reason why they twist everything on you.
 The reason why they went out and smeared your name, the reason why you had a lot of those outbursts, outlashes, you know, making other people believe that, you know, you came for them.


TikTok

 That's why they came back for you.
 It's because they did not want you to see them for who they truly are.
 And who they truly are, are people that is wounded and weak.
 Their tactics were used on use so you couldn't see them for who they were.
 Because if they could keep you from your truth, if they can keep you from your true identity, they know that you would be a whole nuclear bomb out here.


TikTok

 The reason why they tried so hard, and I say, tried.
 I didn't say they succeeded.
 But the reason why they tried so hard, because they did not want you to reach your troop.
 That's why they manipulated the narrative, try to make others believe that, you know, behind closed doors, you the one that does this, you the one that does that.
 You the one that, you know, made them or put them in a position, you know, uh, telling people about you in a negative way, cursing you out to people, you know, put in labels on you.


TikTok

 You never heard of, you know, going out twisting a narrative like you are some type of wolf.
 But when people can't see them for who they are, they can put them under a spell.
 So what they did from childhood to adulthood.
 Your family, your friends, whoever, it had access to you was disconnecting the wires.
 They tried to detonate the bomb that's inside of you, because they know once you reach your full purpose,


TikTok

 You fend to blow every false illusion.
 Every false imagination, every lie, every manipulation, every passive aggressive, everyone that humiliated smeared and believed on your name.
 One thing about lies.
 They got to keep covering that up.
 But there's a point in life when lies don't even stand no more because lies have a pattern.


TikTok

 Lies have to keep being circled and resurfaced.
 They got to keep circling back.
 You, truth teller, chosen one light worker, you, Earth Angel.
 You don't have to keep circling back to make sure or cover up what you said to anybody, because what you say is what you mean.


TikTok

 See, as long as they could help you or keep you blinded, to who they truly are, they can keep doing what they doing to you, because you won't fight back.
 They needed you to believe in their false identity.
 They need you to believe that they are the nuclear bombs.
 That's why they use money.
 That's why they use body shapes.
 That's why they use degrees.
 That's why they use words.
 That's why they go out here and get another woman or another man to keep you jealous, to keep you disconnected from your truth.


TikTok

 But instead, every time they would disconnect the wire, you would go back and reconnect it.
 Now they're exposed, because one thing about someone to have a false identity, they do not want to be seen for who they truly are, but you seen them.
 They did not know that you seen them for who they were.
 They did not know as well as they were studying you.
 You were studying them.
 They did not know.


TikTok

 See, you moved in silence.
 They out here making big noise.
 As I saying, I say again, A fool is a danger to their own selves.
 And now, that bomb that they built, because they built you.
 Blue slam up, blew their whole existence, false existence.
 Let's make sure we know it's false.


TikTok

 Slam up.
 And they don't know where to start from now.
 They don't know, they don't even know where to begin, because now they're naked.
 Everything is blowed to pieces in their world.
 That's why they're so quiet.
 And their comeback is whack.
 I don't know, collective.
 I'm just saying here thinking, and I'm just convinced that. Do you know, I feel, I really feel like, since you have came around and entered people's life, you have changed them, bro.


TikTok

 In many ways, and I really feel like they still...
 I mean, it's harder to hold it up, but they still have this mask going around their family and friends and coworkers.
 Like everything is okay and good.
 Because, you know, non-, I want to say, say, we can say 6 times out of 10, maybe they stop talking about you because, You probably used to talk about you a lot.
 Maybe they still do.
 I don't know.
 But they probably stop talking about you.
 Because when he was talking about you, you know, a lot of people seen how irritated and angry they was, you know, so they stopped talking about you.


TikTok

 Then that's the mask.
 Now they're trying to put on his smile.
 Like everything is still good.
 When you probably still in the back of their mind.
 Maybe fuck the back, the front, the back, the side, the front, nigga, you everywhere around me, mom.
 It's like, They can't get rid of the thought of you, but not in a bad way.
 In a good way, because you, somebody that motivated them.
 You somebody that loved them, you somebody that showed up for them, you somebody that supported them.
 You somebody.


TikTok

 That inspires them.
 So they always remember and think, like, I just really feel like, I don't know why I think like this, but when they do certain things, or what would he do, or what would she do?
 How would they think about this situation?
 How would they view the situation?
 You get what I'm trying to say? Like, because I really feel like a lot of people be in certain situations.
 They may not know how to deal with it, but they think to that, to they think about that one person that would know how to deal with it, which is, you.


TikTok

 So it don't matter what happens in your life now, they they like, I got it, bro, you know?
 Because it's like, It's like you, like, they remember all the wisdom you gave them, all the ideas and creativity, and all the, The preparation you gave them, like, yo, bro, all you got to do is uh, uh, X, Y, and Z.
 and they remember that.
 It's not like they forgot.
 It's like, you taught niggas for real.
 No?
 It's like you actually be teaching it, educating people.
 It's a difference.
 And I really feel like a lot of people trying to copy your teaching energy.


TikTok

 They want to copy that because they want to be like that because a lot of people gravitated to you.
 They see a lot of people learning from you and taking advice from you.
 And guess what?
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 They want people to learn from them, but not everybody probably be fucking with their shit, how they be fucking with your shit.
 Not saying that they doing it wrong.
 Not saying that they doing it bad, not saying, I don't know what the fuck they doing.
 But maybe they trying to do it too much like you.
 You know, and I'm probably, I'm convinced that maybe a lot of people is now seeing, oh, they was the copycast.
 This was the real person, you know?


TikTok

 But it's too late for a lot.
 Maybe it's never too late for anything, but I'm just convinced that.
 Around everybody else, they got to act like your presence isn't bothering them.
 Like, they acting like they got to act unbothered now.
 Like, I don't know, that shit don't mean nothing.
 That shit was not long ago, guys.
 We shouldn't be talking about him.
 We shouldn't even be bringing up the collective.
 But let them get along.
 The collective is on their mind.
 Nigga, they worry about the collective.
 They think about you.
 Because it's like, there's so many good things to think about you.
 It's not like when they think about you, they think about bad shit that you've done.


TikTok

 No, they think about the good shit you do.
 Because, you know, as much as people want to say you a bad person, niggas know you're not a bad person.
 They only say that just to make themselves feel better about where they at in life or about how they treated you.
 Like, that person was a bad person anyway.
 That's why I did what I did.
 No, you only did that because you was a weirdo.
 And you was a bad person.
 But the thing is, you didn't treat them like a bad person.
 You treated them like they was a hero, you know?
 It's like, I really feel like you, that type of person.
 You don't treat a villain like a villain.


TikTok

 You treat a villain with hospitality.
 You know, you treat people with love and kindness, respect.
 You know, you don't treat people weird.
 Just because they done weird things.
 But you will be like, eh, no, but I don't really care about that.
 Hmm? Then whatever people done, that don't make you look at them differently.
 Like, that'll make you judge people.
 I don't care that you, whatever you like, whatever you like to do with your body, whatever thing you attracted to, I don't care.
 I not going to judge you on that.
 That has nothing to do with me.
 And I feel like that's what makes people see, you are a safe space.


TikTok

 You know what I'm trying to say?
 People feel safe around you.
 They can they can have the objects and things around and you won't be like, oh, you doing this?
 you like?
 You gonna be like, I'll fuck with that.
 You support them.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, you would support them.
 So you are naturally, you are people naturally safe, you are people natural, safe space.
 So that's why people do come around telling you they secrets or you, or God may reveal certain things to you because they know it's okay with this person.
 He's not going to say anything or she's not going to tell anybody.
 Like, you know?
 It's like, the secret is safe with you.


TikTok

 They feel safe around you.
 It's like they feel protected around you.
 You know?
 They feel like they can let loose around you.
 They feel like they can have fun around you.
 They feel like they can let, let this facade and mask go.
 Like if they sad, they can be sad around you and you're not going to be like, damn, get your sad ass out there.
 You're going to comfort them and give them some support.
 You know, you might give you might give them a shoulder to cry on.
 You may get them some tissue to blow their nose.
 Like, you're gonna act.
 It's like you are always there for people.
 This is why people genuinely can never forget you.
 This is probably why they got to act like your presence isn't bothering them or your absence isn't bothering them. And around other people, they're acting like higher body, like your presence isn't doing a number on them.


TikTok

 wonders on them, like, because nigga, they actually really miss you, gang, like, I don't know, though, because I can't say that, because, you know, I heard a lot of niggas say, yeah, we missed ops, man.
 I want to see the opposite shit.
 So I don't know about that game.
 You feel what I mean?
 Even though I got no ops, but I just know niggas be saying that.
 I know how niggas stink game, you feel me?
 But people genuinely do miss your game, you feel me?
 But it's just like, maybe you just really growing up and leveling up in life if you evolving and shit.
 So it was like, it's different now, you feel me?
 Like, Maybe if they were to interview old niggas and shit, like people you used to know, like, nah, that's bro and shit.


TikTok

 you cool as hell.
 Like, I really like, I wish I could talk to that niggas there or some shit like that, you know?
 Maybe they already interviewed or talked to people that you used to know in the past and try to get information on you.
 Like, so, did you know this person?
 Niggas like, yeah, uh, uh, whatever niggas was telling this, with these people, these FBI, these FBI agents and things of that nature.
 See, that's weird.
 That'd be all.
 Y'all fucking investigators.
 Y'all gonna ask people.
 And that means y'all got to do research and they do shit.
 Y'all weirdos.
 I would never do no shit like that.
 If you wanted to know something about a person, why not ask the person?


TikTok

 Why you got to go around to the people that the person knows or used to know?
 Why you can't directly act that person?
 Because that means you want some weird shit.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, yo, what's what's done?
 Like, you know that, girl?
 I'm gonna go talk to her myself and whenever she told me, I'm like, eh, I shouldn't fuck up.
 I don't, I don't got to hear.
 I don't have to hear it like, yeah, that bitch, hot sheet burning.
 I'm gonna figure it out my dancer.
 I'm not going
 fuck it to figure it out.
 I'm just know about the way she moving.
 I like, eh, something about that shit.


TikTok

 It's going to be it's going to be alarming.
 something going to be sensing me like, yeah, don't fuck that, bro.
 She cool and shit, but that's not something you fuck in.
 You feel me?
 Am I the only nigga that got that radar?
 When you when you know it's, all right, she cool as fuck, can't fuck that.
 You know, not saying she got anything, but it's just like something about you just like, don't even fuck that shit.
 like, you know.
 That shit over there.
 Like, you feel me?
 Like,
 But see, that's the thing, the discernment.
 People probably like your discernment and like how you pick up on things.


TikTok

 Because like you give, you be giving warnings before shit happens.
 I'm pretty sure in the past, niggas didn't listen to your warnings because they thought you were paranoid and crazy.
 How much you want to bet them niggas is listening now?
 Niggas is listening to the warnings now.
 You tried to warn niggas months ago, months ago, not even, nigga, years ago, you warn niggas.
 about this day.
 They decided to brush it off, like, this person crazy.
 don't know what the fuck they talking about.
 Hmm
 Come to find out.
 You know exactly what the fuck you talking about.


TikTok

 You exactly who the fuck you think you are and who you is.
 You've really actually that have vibrational person.
 You actually, that's spiritual being.
 That's actually spiritual.
 That's not fake spiritual.
 You actually a spiritual being, not a guru.
 I don't even know what the fuck a guru is.
 I me.
 Not that.
 I don't give a fuck about y'all titles, labels, categories, boxes, and labels and and motherfucking classifications.


TikTok

 I'm, I don't, I'm not going to say that because I am something.
 Fuck you talking about.
 Shit, crazy, chat.
 I don't even know again.
 Yo, I really don't like doing shit like this.
 Like, know when they, because now it would be me...
 It's like nowadays, you can't even do shit nowadays.
 Like, I can't even do this without y'all thinking some weird shit, like, yeah, look, y'all, he doing something.


TikTok

 Damn, bro.
 But I'm just a regular nigga, y'all, like, no funny shit.
 Like, I'm really a regular person, but it's like, they did all these things just in case we wake up so you won't believe anybody, bro.
 Like, because I'll be catching myself rubbing my eye in lock, gang.
 Why do I do that when I be recording?
 Because you get what I'm trying to say?
 Like, I don't never do it on some shit, like, on some, you know?
 A lot of niggas do that.
 On purpose, game.
 Like, they literally be on some on purpose shit.
 Nigga, they would post a picture and put it on his story.
 On purpose, getting like, You know, like, they literally do that shit on purpose.


TikTok

 It's not even on purpose.
 they get told to do that, nigga.
 See, Walker, I always got a good this deep, bro.
 Why?
 I mean, that's just who I am, bro.
 Just who I am.
 You know, I can never just stay on the surface.
 you know?
 I can, bro.
 I gotta get deep.
 Found yourself scrolling again?
 Maybe you're feeling anxious, lonely, stressed, and simply just lost track of time by watching all of these videos.
 Whatever you're feeling is completely valid.
 But I invite you to sit with that emotion just for a moment with me.


TikTok

 So unclenching your jaw, relaxing your shoulders, taking a deep breath in through the nose.
 And out through the mouth.
 Just noticing how your mind and body feel.
 From here, try going for a walk, playing with your pet, or getting back to whatever it is that you were doing, wishing you a wonderful day ahead.
 You're being studied.


TikTok

 You're being studied by people.
 Very high places.
 And you wouldn't.
 Believe how they're describing you in the.
 Into.
 You're being listed.
 As a human.
 Hybrid, extraterrestrial.
 This is a quick mess.


TikTok

 Message, front of you over.
 First. Joe studying you.
 And I think we talked about this, right?
 Um
 As we've been doing this, we've been on this journey together for a while now.
 Um, and we've been doing this for the last couple years, three, 4 years.
 We've had ups and downs, right?
 But you got.


TikTok

 I stay in tune, man.
 You stay locked in with me. And I appreciate everybody who, Who, who really look at me as the... sauce, right?
 Um, I'm tapped in, right?
 Chosen one.
 They're having discussions about you.
 You're being talked about in very high places.
 In fact, the... Black as a whole is being talked about in very...


TikTok

 High places.
 And when I say high places, I mean, Government, of course, right?
 gone, of course.
 You know, any place where they doing top notch secret.
 Shit, there's a file.
 What you guys in it?
 Sit on the desk.


TikTok

 And in his file, chosen one, his file...
 Chains.
 All types of papers, right?
 Right?
 It it contains...
 Where are you from?
 Your parents, their bloodline, right?
 They got your whole family.
 Family listed, both parents from both parents on.


TikTok

 And on and and it goes back.
 Um, so they, they,
 No, they're studying everything about you as far as your order.
 Origin and who your people are.
 Um, It has your education.
 It has your criminal.
 Record and criminal background.
 And then it has.
 Uh.
 How many times that you've survived? Five something insane.


TikTok

 And then it had, as, uh, this, another section that states, uh, powers.
 Or abilities that this person possesses.
 Chosen one.
 You being studied, man, and the thing is, right?
 Not only in these files. Do they have all of these things listed and describe in the description?


TikTok

 For all of these categories,
 They got video footage of you.
 Some of you woke up.
 And went outside one day and it was cameras in your neighborhood.
 on the street lights.
 You know, and you're wondering, damn, what is this camera here for?
 They're watching you, chosen one.
 A lot of y'all are starting to notice that, man.
 I remember when I 1st noticed, when I woke up one day, I went and looked outside and it was cameras on all the street, like, I'm like, bro, what the fuck?


TikTok

 It's insane, man.
 Chosen one, not only are you being monitored everywhere you go?
 But you were being...
 your monitor.
 In whatever situation, that you had got caught up in, and we often talk about these situations.
 You know, nobody's gonna believe that you've been through the shit that you've been through, but I know, because I've been through it.


TikTok

 And so as they watched you, you know, because I need you to understand, that whole little situation you went through with the crazy ass.
 Ass girl or guy and Friends and kids and all that.
 That dumb shit, whatever it was.
 I was right.
 And then you find out these people are really trying to fucking kill you and off you.
 They're being funded.


TikTok

 Those things, the Chosen One Olympics, that I always talk about, These people are funding the Chosen One Olympics.
 In fact, a lot of the things, a lot of the weapons, or things that were used against you, to destroy you, to unalive you.
 You can only get that shit if you know somebody who like, you got to be a fucking arms dealer.
 Right?
 To get nerve aging.
 which they're using on a lot.


TikTok

 A lot of people, a lot of y'all are out here.
 A lot of people dying from the nerve agent.
 But the ones that's living, I'm telling you, they're doing some type of experiment just to see who's who around this bitch.
 Yeah, a lot of people that are mysteriously dying from nothing.
 I'm telling you, man, they spraying nerve agents and they trying to see who was who?
 If you ever wake up one day, And you just choking.
 You can't breathe out of nowhere or you go.


TikTok

 Go use the AC in a in an Airbnb or a hotel, you turn it on, and it's, Spray some shit in your face and you can't breathe and you got to walk out in the room, feel like you're gonna die.
 A lot of money.
 Motherfuckers die from that shit.
 You're just different.
 You built.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Real shit.
 Chosen one.
 You're being studied.
 You're being studied by people of power all over the world.


TikTok

 Everybody's eyes are on the chosen.
 See, they have a system.
 And I need you to understand, like a lot of y'all done went to prison.
 They, you know, everything is a system, bro.
 Right?
 You ever notice how?
 Let's see if you was out here living a life of crime at one point in time, right?
 You ever had something, Noah Price?


TikTok

 And then as soon as you stop doing crimes and you, they bring it back up and send you to prison, like, or something like that, right?
 Where, they, they, they bring up some old shit after you done changed your life, right?
 It's all a system, man.
 And so a lot of y'all, when y'all was doing time and shit,
 They literally was testing you by putting you in certain places where you should have got killed.
 Or where you should have got, you know, putting you with your enemies and shit.


TikTok

 It on purpose.
 You were able to maneuver through it.
 They got categories like, because they understand that you got some type of manipulation mind control power to make it through prison without getting fucked over.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Especially when they put you in purpose predicaments of people where they know you don't get along with, right?
 This is a real thing.
 And if you've never been to prison, right?


TikTok

 They've been watching you since high school.
 Elementary school.
 There was something that you did that triggered.
 This could possibly be a chosen one.
 Because I need you to understand this, right?
 This thing is mental.
 And these professionals, they understand thought patterns.
 85% of the world brain is operating on the same type of dog patterns.
 And so, When you display certain abilities in school, like writing or when you display any type of thing that blows a teacher away, You automatically go on a list.


TikTok

 Yeah, I know.
 Why do you think they keep school records for every?
 They keep him fucking.
 Why do you think they keep your work from kindergarten forever?
 Come on, man.
 Make it make sense.
 The chosen one, you triggered them, and now you're on their list, and they're studying you.
 And they're calling you an alien hybrid.
 And I'm going to tell you why they're calling you that chosen.
 And what they'll never tell you is that they've already made contact with extraterrestrial beings.


TikTok

 They have already done that.
 And whether you choose to believe this or not, extraterrestrial have told them.
 You're off limits.
 I know it's crazy, but this is why you have the connection that you have with the stars.
 That's why you look up at the stars and you have that connection, chosen one.
 They don't know what to do with you, man, because technically, they've already tried to kill you.
 And then on top of that, after they kept doing what they was doing, extraterrestrials literally got involved.


TikTok

 You don't realize that, but extraterrestrial got involved with you.
 I'm gonna make a video about that.
 But chosen one, they're studying, and they're trying to figure out what you are.
 And since they don't know what you are, they're calling you a human hybrid extraterrestrial.
 Man, I don't know who you are, but you got me wearing my legend shirt and shit because their cutoff game?
 That's just what people do when they want to avoid feelings and shit, but your cutoff game.


TikTok

 shit.
 And that's the stuff.
 Legends are made of and shit.
 See, some people disappear because they don't want to deal with what's sitting in their damn chest.
 They treat emotions, man, like they're a mystery container in the back of the refrigerator that everybody keeps looking at, but nobody is brave enough to open that shit because the situation already has its own damn zip code or area code.
 But you'll ask, man, your ass is different.
 When you're done, you ain't performing.
 You ain't fucking teaching lessons.
 You simply teach.


TikTok

 And you reach a point where peace matters more than fucking keeping a seat reserved for somebody that keeps getting up from the fucking table every 5 damn minutes and shit.
 Wasn't kidding what I said that your stuff is the stuff that's made of ledge as your cutoff game, and that's when the 90 cups, and somebody keeps telling themselves that they're perfectly happy with how everything turns out and shit.
 And they fucking repeat the story so that much, man, you think they're fucking holding their own damn press conference with a press secretary, holding daily briefings in a fucking bathroom mirror and shit.


TikTok

 And the problem is that feelings don't fucking disappear just because somebody shows them into a closet.
 and throws a blanker over them and shit.
 And emotions are like unpaid parking tickets.
 Ignore that shit long enough, and then they come back with fucking cousins, attorneys, late fees, and overdraft fees and shit.
 And your silence, man, your silence forces this person to sit sit with themselves.
 And that's a job they've been a dodging hearten of a fucking kid pretending to be asleep.


TikTok

 When it's time to fucking wash the dishes and shit.
 And with the king of pentacles coming in next, man, this is a fucking good hang.
 Please, don't forget to think we're wrestling. not every message is going to wrestle with everyone. and if the universe brought me here is because your fucking cutoff game is the stuff that legends are made of and shit. and they're fucking trying to compete with your ass with that shit.
 And what bothers this person is seeing your life, continue to move forward and shit.
 You fucking responsibilities, still get handled, your foundation, fucking stay solid, I fuck with the king right here.


TikTok

 And the world doesn't fucking stop spinning because somebody decides to fucking make a dramatic exit and shit.
 And they, man, they expect distance to give them control.
 But your ass, man, your ass keeps building anyway, and that's like trying to shut down a construction site by stealing one orange cone, acting that you're fucking dismantled.
 The whole entire operation and shit.
 And the more stable U.S. becomes, the more it gets under their damn skin, man, your growth, whoever I'm talking to, annoys them and the way a fucking mosquito annoys somebody, trying to enjoy a fucking barbecue on the 4th of July and shit.


TikTok

 And with the 9 swords coming in next, man, now somebody's mind is working fucking overtime, like at world overnight and shit.
 They fucking replay conversations, old memories, and all the things that they never say and shit.
 And their fucking brain, man, is running more or less than fucking NASCAR driver with fucking 3 energy drinks deep already and a fucking sponsor to come contract on the damn line and shit.
 And nobody around them sees this either, man.
 On the outside, everything looks calm, everything.


TikTok

 It's fine, but on the fucking inside, man, it's a full fucking blown emergency meeting where everybody's arguing.
 Nobody fucking brought coffee and the fucking fire alarm, one start going beep.
 Beep, beep.
 And your caught off game?
 Man, makes it worse because there ain't no fucking mixed signals.
 There ain't no fucking breadcrumbs.
 And the GPS keeps saying, recalculating, I'm buffering and shit.
 But that fucking bridge is already gone and shit.
 And with the queen of wants coming in next, I'll tell you about this damn hand, man, you keep shining.


TikTok

 Regardless of who's standing next to you, US, and that right there irritates somebody, more than fucking stepping on a fucking Lego barefoot, a 2 o'clock in the damn morning and shit, when your kids left, all that shit around.
 And you don't need a fucking town crier, train whistle confirmation.
 Running to the fucking village, ringing a damn bell, and yelling, hear ye, hear ye.
 And poor person approaching and shit, before you walk into a room, man, your confidence handles all that business by damn self.
 And that war, that presence, that natural fire is exactly what somebody misses by pride.


TikTok

 Man keeps sitting in the damn driver's seat.
 Like a person that's been fucking lost for an hour and shit and still refuses to ask for directions and shit.
 And with the damn queen of swords, boy, this is where the fucking legend status comes in for US and shit.
 And wherever I'm talking to, man, once your mind makes a decision, your heart eventually catches up and shit.
 And that drawbridge goes up and the gates close and fucking the carrier pigeons and shit, get a notice saying the deliveries have been fucking permanently fucking disco teenager and shit.


TikTok

 And you, man, you don't cut people off because you're cruel.
 You do it because peace starts paying better dividends.
 that chaos and fucking uncertainty ever does and shit.
 And somebody, man, is learning that lesson right now, like a fucking student that spends the whole damn semester, ignoring the damn syllabus and suddenly remembers that, 0 my god, the final fucking exam is tomorrow at 8 o'clock in the morning and shit.
 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck.
 Oh my lord, the fucking emperor and shit, man.


TikTok

 Here's the damn part that makes me fucking shake my damn head and like fucking awe and shit.
 Your boundaries.
 They aren't fucking built on anger or shit.
 They're built on structure.
 They're built on damn discipline and they're built on exactly knowing what you fucking deserve and refusing to fucking negotiate with any fucking sorry ass with their stupid nonsense and shit.
 And you ain't fucking playing emotional hide and go seek and shit, and you ain't posting riddles on social media, hoping that fucking everybody sells a damn fucking Da Vinci code and shit.


TikTok

 You?
 Man, you standing on damn business.
 And once your ass reaches the fucking point of getting back, back into your life, harder than fucking getting a DMV appointment and shit.
 Man, the day before your license expired, you fucking quit that shit right away.
 That is why you're fucking cutoff game.
 is just something they fucking do when they're avoiding their feelings.
 Their cutoff game, but your fucking game, your fucking cutoff game is the stuff that fucking legends are made of and shit.


TikTok

 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck and shit.
 And you're a fucking legend because you trigger the hell out of somebody that doesn't want to face their damn reality.
 And remember, a big puppy doesn't send Freck requests and he does not send DMs.
 Any fucking sorry ass trying to send that shit to you, man, they're trying to take your damn money.
 So report their ass immediately because they're fucking taro.
 There's only one fucking legend, and one big motherfucking puppy, and you're looking at his ass right now. And remember for my TikTok friends tonight, I'll be on the fucking line at 8 p.m. and tomorrow night for my Facebook friends.


TikTok

 Thanks for watching.
 There's people in your life that are trying to slow down or even stop your ascension.
 And they're, they're reaching for control and they're now realizing,
 They've always been powerless.
 That your ascension, your rise, is far beyond what they are capable of controlling.
 Nobody and nothing can stop your rise.


TikTok

 Your expansion, your transformation, your growth. This is...
 This is your dream life.
 You can't miss it.
 You can't veer off track.
 It's not possible because this is for you.
 It's for nobody else.
 This journey cannot be replicated because you're truly one of one.
 It's just for you.
 So enjoy.


TikTok

 Enjoy this journey, this rise, this ascension, because nothing can stop it.
 Hmm.
 It's all for you.
 I love you.
 If your socks leave those marks on your ankles, you need sea moss.
 If your bra leaves those deep lines in your back, you need turmeric.
 If your clothes have been feeling tighter, you need sour sop.
 If you always look 6 months pregnant after every meal, even the healthy ones, you need black seed oil.


TikTok

 If the sacred space between your legs carries an unpleasant scent like sewage, you need chlorophyll.
 And if you have a deep, unexplainable tiredness, you need moringa.
 These are all your problems, and most people think it comes from stress, but in reality, it's your gut.
 As of that, they'll spend 100s on supplements separately to deal with all that.
 But what they don't know is they can deal with all that with one formula, sour sop, gut detox drops, pack all of this and more into one simple daily supplement.


TikTok

 It's a 100% natural supplement with ultra concentrated, pure sour sop, black seed, oil, moringa, sea moss, Ashwaganda, chlorophyll, oregano, turmeric.
 It contains no sugar and no gluten.
 It's powerful for gut health, hormone balance, and energy support, and you only have to take it 2 drops every day.
 And right now there's a special promotion here in the TikTok shop.
 But every time this offer gets mentioned, it sells out quickly.


TikTok

 If you still see the orange button down here, it means you are lucky.
 There are still a few units left.
 So click it, grab yours, and then come back to say thank you because I promise you your days will never be the same.
 Collective.
 You finally picked up the controller and started playing the game.
 And now the game ain't as fun as it used to be for other people.
 Now, the game is being played.
 The way that they didn't even know it was designed to play.


TikTok

 They didn't know these combinations of buttons could produce these type of results or make you make these type of moves, but somebody is now realizing your game, you got the controller now and you are playing a round of applause, clap, clap, claps to you.
 You making notes.
 Okay, so we're going to be jumping into these vibes to see what this is for you, to see what this could mean.
 Oops.
 This jumps up and jumps over, shattered.
 Ugh.


TikTok

 Shattered.
 Dang.
 You tearing somebody to shirts.
 Did I say that?
 You tell somebody to shreds or they was tearing you to shreds.
 And now you picked up the controller and now it's not so fun no more.
 Do they look like they're having fun?
 See, when they was when they was able to play and they had the controller and they was winning all the time and round one, they won round two, round three, by round five, you pick up the controller, like, no, wait a minute, let me start playing back and boom.
 It ain't so fun no more.
 Losing, um, and this shattered is, we're talking about like they pride, they ego.


TikTok

 Of course, it's the emotions, it's the feelings.
 It's not an easy looking no more.
 They're not standing up.
 throwing no none, they down on that ground, trying to pick up the pieces.
 Okay, now, of course, when I'm talking about all this hidden and punching and stuff, I'm talking, metaphorically speaking, okay?
 But somebody is shattered.
 They feel like they lost.
 If I'm going, it's easy, you know, let's take it for relationship wise.
 I'm going to be the one cheating.
 I'm going to be the one lying playing the game, doing this, da, da, da, da.
 And the 1st time you cheat back, oh, oh.


TikTok

 You know, I can't even breathe.
 You know?
 Or the 1st time, or you break up, you actually stand on business.
 You say, no, you know what?
 I'm tired of this.
 I'm sick of it, I'm out.
 I don't even want to cheat back.
 I going to just leave.
 and boom, shattered.
 okay?
 You started, however you started playing the game.
 But for most of y'all, you just started psychologically torturing people.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Your game your game is strong.
 Remember I said they acknowledging your game?
 It's like, hmm.
 Oh.
 And then I'm seeing it too.
 It's like thinking about,


TikTok

 So this whole time, I thought I was winning.
 It's only because you wasn't.
 You wasn't, so you could have been doing this the whole time.
 So you was restraining yourself.
 So you was watching me through all this wild stuff and do all that and you was actually restraining yourself.
 And so then you start playing the game and now, you know what I mean?
 Again, I'm feeling the need to talk about, you could have been doing that the whole time.
 But you didn't.
 And that's the part that kind of hurt even worse because it's like, dang, like,


TikTok

 Why didn't you do nothing?
 Why you ain't say nothing?
 You just let me do that?
 Now you plan and it's like, okay, take it out applies.
 Let's jump into these vibes, these terro vibes.
 Very 1st card, what do we got?
 Mm, 2 coins.
 Planning?
 Oh, you've been planning this.
 Uh, strategic strategy.
 what I'm getting.
 You did something on purpose.
 Remember I said you're playing the game now.
 You're making moves.
 So metaphorically speaking, symbolically speaking, like, you got a plan.
 This is strategy.


TikTok

 I'm not just throwing wild punches.
 No, I got combinations.
 I'm about to say you create a combination.
 You ever played those games before?
 Mortal Kombat, street, street fighter, soul caliber, all that kind of stuff.
 You got to punch and you got to hit and then you do all of those combinations and they end up doing something crazy and the whole game start going crazy and you lift them up to the sky and they spin around and then you slam them down and then all the the bricks and stuff go flying everywhere.
 Those type of things.
 Strategy.
 You had to learn how to do that.
 So while somebody is thinking they was doing something because they was pushing their little buttons, you put them on the game.


TikTok

 Oh, combos.
 combinations, spins, take them to the air, drop them down.
 Wow.
 So that's on purpose.
 So this is you.
 Oh, wow, wow.
 This is what I'm getting.
 You was studying the game.
 You was learning the game.
 You were learning the cheat codes.
 You was doing research, okay?
 It was on purpose that when you picked up the controller, when it was time for you to jump in the game and start playing the game, you knew what you were doing.


TikTok

 Somebody's pride and ego was built up off of uh, getting these sweet, easy licks, but that's because there was no lick back when the licks start coming back.
 It's like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
 Now you want to duck and hide.
 No, come on.
 No, get to the center of the ring.
 Because now it's 2 players.
 Okay?
 Whole time's just one player.
 Anyway, budget, financing, planning, whatever you got up your sleeve.
 Whatever it is that you're doing, keep using your strategies.
 You know we be getting divine strategies and divine instructions. So these are the things that are helping you make these moves that are opening up parts of the game that they didn't even know was there.


TikTok

 Okay?
 You're programming the game.
 Your programming what's about to happen.
 Okay?
 And you're finding all of the other codes within the program.
 They didn't even know they could do all that.
 Okay?
 Let's go behind the scenes.
 Let's talk about something that's going on that you don't know or maybe they didn't know, but somebody's gonna get pulled on right now.
 Six of swords.
 See, I told Jess that walk away.
 That's that walk away type energy.


TikTok

 This is what I did.
 for some of you guys, it's not that you started fighting back.
 Your fight back was walk away.
 Oh, you want to play?
 Okay, we're going to play.
 Okay, cool.
 Let me walk away.
 That's the biggest move you made.
 Okay?
 That's what got somebody shouted right there.
 You see him with his mouth on the ground.
 What you don't know is when you walked away, pow.
 knees to the ground.
 Face to the ground.
 Pride and ego shattered all around.
 Okay?
 For the more collective you walking in your power, being powerful on purpose and putting yourself on display in this in this very genuine and authentic way, it invokes inspiration in other people.


TikTok

 It invokes confidence in them that, hell, you can damn well do whatever it is that you are trying to complete, whatever the objective is, whatever the end goal or endgame is, baby, either way,



TikTok

 I literally checked the label 3 times because I thought it was a typo.
 I've been on this for nearly 4 months.
 First week, my brain fog was gone.
 Second week, I stopped getting that 2 PM crash. By week six, my wife even said that my face looked less puffy and I had more color in my skin, and I don't know if you can see this, but my face, it hasn't looked as good in years.
 Now, I'm not a doctor.
 I'm just a guy who got tired of feeling my garbage and figured out the system.
 Rosabella is on TikTok shop.
 They do sell out fast because they're a smaller brand without the marketing budget of the bigger names.


TikTok

 Two capsules a day.
 Grab them before they're gone.
 Jeff, you are fucking weird.
 And that's why you are guaranteed success in life. Because you don't just follow trends.
 You don't just follow the pack.
 The crowd says, hey, we're going this way.
 And you say, nah.
 I'm going that way.
 Crowd says, oh, hey, we're going to do this.
 You say, no, I'm gonna do that.
 Not only am I gonna do that, I'm gonna do it in a way you've never even thought possible.


TikTok

 I'm going to do it in a way that expresses myself so authentically that people think I'm fucking batshit crazy.
 And that is... Beautiful.
 You are a creator of the master class, because you are here to create and to bring into existence things that have never existed before.
 And people think it's fucking weird.
 Because they don't understand what magic is.
 You are pure magic.


TikTok

 And your weirdness is just your unique one of one expression of that magic that you are.
 And in that, those that call it weird, are soon to turn and make attempts to claim seats that they never had.
 Those will turn and begin to follow you.
 Because they see the power of authenticity.
 of being magical, of being.
 A shift has taken place in your life.


TikTok

 Someone has entered your path who sees you for who you truly are.
 Not the mask the world tries to force upon you, not the image others created in their misunderstanding, but the authentic soul that carries divine weight and purpose.
 This person recognizes your value.
 They see the strength in your honesty, the light in your presence, and the courage in your voice.
 Where others turned away because they could not handle truth, this person leans in closer, because truth is the very air they crave.


TikTok

 Their respect for you is not shallow admiration.
 It is not based on appearances or convenience.
 It is born from recognition.
 They see you through a spiritual lens, and they know they have encountered someone rare.
 While the world is flooded with people who wear disguises, this person treasures your authenticity, in a culture where deception is common and masks are many, your willingness to stand as you are has become priceless.
 They know you are not here to flatter, to fake, or to manipulate.
 Your words carry the sting of truth, but also the healing power of wisdom.


TikTok

 They would rather hear your correction than endure the sweet lies of another.
 That is why they hold you in such high regard.
 Gratitude fills this person's heart for having crossed paths with you.
 To them, you are not ordinary.
 You are a divine appointment, a gift they never expected but deeply needed.
 And because of this, the love they are about to show you will exceed the collective love of your past.
 Where betrayal once pierced you, their loyalty will cover you, where neglect left scars, their attention will heal.


TikTok

 Where silence hurt, their words will restore.
 Within days and weeks, you will feel a difference.
 The love and honor they pour into you will outweigh years of disappointment.
 The weight of what you endured before will be lifted by the magnitude of what you are about to receive now.
 This person knows your worth, and they are not careless with it.
 They understand that when something is rare, it must be guarded, protected, and cherished.
 They are not reckless with what they value, and you are the rarest treasure they have found.
 Unlike those who drained your energy, this person will not take without giving.


TikTok

 Unlike those who used you for their gain, this person seeks balance.
 They will reciprocate, they will honor, and they will add to your life rather than subtract from it.
 They are not an energy thief.
 They are not a manipulator.
 They are not a burden dressed as a blessing.
 They are authentic in their own right, and they recognize authenticity in you.
 They know you cannot be replaced.
 They know your kind does not exist in duplicates, and because of that, they treat you like something sacred.
 In their eyes, your worth is beyond measure, and they live daily in gratitude for your presence.


TikTok

 This connection is not ordinary, it is divine.
 It has been placed in your life at a time when you were ready to be honored, when you were strong enough to receive love without fear, and when you had healed enough to stand in your worth.
 They will walk carefully in your presence, not because they fear punishment, but because...


TikTok


 They knew, once you knew who they were, they knew the gig was up.
 See, the reason why they twist everything on you.
 The reason why they went out and smeared your name, the reason why you had a lot of those outbursts, outlashes, you know, making other people believe that, you know, you came for them.


TikTok

 That's why they came back for you.
 It's because they did not want you to see them for who they truly are.
 And who they truly are, are people that is wounded and weak.
 Their tactics were used on use so you couldn't see them for who they were.
 Because if they could keep you from your truth, if they can keep you from your true identity, they know that you would be a whole nuclear bomb out here.


TikTok

 The reason why they tried so hard, and I say, tried.
 I didn't say they succeeded.
 But the reason why they tried so hard, because they did not want you to reach your troop.
 That's why they manipulated the narrative, try to make others believe that, you know, behind closed doors, you the one that does this, you the one that does that.
 You the one that, you know, made them or put them in a position, you know, uh, telling people about you in a negative way, cursing you out to people, you know, put in labels on you.


TikTok

 You never heard of, you know, going out twisting a narrative like you are some type of wolf.
 But when people can't see them for who they are, they can put them under a spell.
 So what they did from childhood to adulthood.
 Your family, your friends, whoever, it had access to you was disconnecting the wires.
 They tried to detonate the bomb that's inside of you, because they know once you reach your full purpose,


TikTok

 You fend to blow every false illusion.
 Every false imagination, every lie, every manipulation, every passive aggressive, everyone that humiliated smeared and believed on your name.
 One thing about lies.
 They got to keep covering that up.
 But there's a point in life when lies don't even stand no more because lies have a pattern.


TikTok

 Lies have to keep being circled and resurfaced.
 They got to keep circling back.
 You, truth teller, chosen one light worker, you, Earth Angel.
 You don't have to keep circling back to make sure or cover up what you said to anybody, because what you say is what you mean.


TikTok

 See, as long as they could help you or keep you blinded, to who they truly are, they can keep doing what they doing to you, because you won't fight back.
 They needed you to believe in their false identity.
 They need you to believe that they are the nuclear bombs.
 That's why they use money.
 That's why they use body shapes.
 That's why they use degrees.
 That's why they use words.
 That's why they go out here and get another woman or another man to keep you jealous, to keep you disconnected from your truth.


TikTok

 But instead, every time they would disconnect the wire, you would go back and reconnect it.
 Now they're exposed, because one thing about someone to have a false identity, they do not want to be seen for who they truly are, but you seen them.
 They did not know that you seen them for who they were.
 They did not know as well as they were studying you.
 You were studying them.
 They did not know.


TikTok

 See, you moved in silence.
 They out here making big noise.
 As I saying, I say again, A fool is a danger to their own selves.
 And now, that bomb that they built, because they built you.
 Blue slam up, blew their whole existence, false existence.
 Let's make sure we know it's false.


TikTok

 Slam up.
 And they don't know where to start from now.
 They don't know, they don't even know where to begin, because now they're naked.
 Everything is blowed to pieces in their world.
 That's why they're so quiet.
 And their comeback is whack.
 I don't know, collective.
 I'm just saying here thinking, and I'm just convinced that. Do you know, I feel, I really feel like, since you have came around and entered people's life, you have changed them, bro.


TikTok

 In many ways, and I really feel like they still...
 I mean, it's harder to hold it up, but they still have this mask going around their family and friends and coworkers.
 Like everything is okay and good.
 Because, you know, non-, I want to say, say, we can say 6 times out of 10, maybe they stop talking about you because, You probably used to talk about you a lot.
 Maybe they still do.
 I don't know.
 But they probably stop talking about you.
 Because when he was talking about you, you know, a lot of people seen how irritated and angry they was, you know, so they stopped talking about you.


TikTok

 Then that's the mask.
 Now they're trying to put on his smile.
 Like everything is still good.
 When you probably still in the back of their mind.
 Maybe fuck the back, the front, the back, the side, the front, nigga, you everywhere around me, mom.
 It's like, They can't get rid of the thought of you, but not in a bad way.
 In a good way, because you, somebody that motivated them.
 You somebody that loved them, you somebody that showed up for them, you somebody that supported them.
 You somebody.


TikTok

 That inspires them.
 So they always remember and think, like, I just really feel like, I don't know why I think like this, but when they do certain things, or what would he do, or what would she do?
 How would they think about this situation?
 How would they view the situation?
 You get what I'm trying to say? Like, because I really feel like a lot of people be in certain situations.
 They may not know how to deal with it, but they think to that, to they think about that one person that would know how to deal with it, which is, you.


TikTok

 So it don't matter what happens in your life now, they they like, I got it, bro, you know?
 Because it's like, It's like you, like, they remember all the wisdom you gave them, all the ideas and creativity, and all the, The preparation you gave them, like, yo, bro, all you got to do is uh, uh, X, Y, and Z.
 and they remember that.
 It's not like they forgot.
 It's like, you taught niggas for real.
 No?
 It's like you actually be teaching it, educating people.
 It's a difference.
 And I really feel like a lot of people trying to copy your teaching energy.


TikTok

 They want to copy that because they want to be like that because a lot of people gravitated to you.
 They see a lot of people learning from you and taking advice from you.
 And guess what?
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 They want people to learn from them, but not everybody probably be fucking with their shit, how they be fucking with your shit.
 Not saying that they doing it wrong.
 Not saying that they doing it bad, not saying, I don't know what the fuck they doing.
 But maybe they trying to do it too much like you.
 You know, and I'm probably, I'm convinced that maybe a lot of people is now seeing, oh, they was the copycast.
 This was the real person, you know?


TikTok

 But it's too late for a lot.
 Maybe it's never too late for anything, but I'm just convinced that.
 Around everybody else, they got to act like your presence isn't bothering them.
 Like, they acting like they got to act unbothered now.
 Like, I don't know, that shit don't mean nothing.
 That shit was not long ago, guys.
 We shouldn't be talking about him.
 We shouldn't even be bringing up the collective.
 But let them get along.
 The collective is on their mind.
 Nigga, they worry about the collective.
 They think about you.
 Because it's like, there's so many good things to think about you.
 It's not like when they think about you, they think about bad shit that you've done.


TikTok

 No, they think about the good shit you do.
 Because, you know, as much as people want to say you a bad person, niggas know you're not a bad person.
 They only say that just to make themselves feel better about where they at in life or about how they treated you.
 Like, that person was a bad person anyway.
 That's why I did what I did.
 No, you only did that because you was a weirdo.
 And you was a bad person.
 But the thing is, you didn't treat them like a bad person.
 You treated them like they was a hero, you know?
 It's like, I really feel like you, that type of person.
 You don't treat a villain like a villain.


TikTok

 You treat a villain with hospitality.
 You know, you treat people with love and kindness, respect.
 You know, you don't treat people weird.
 Just because they done weird things.
 But you will be like, eh, no, but I don't really care about that.
 Hmm? Then whatever people done, that don't make you look at them differently.
 Like, that'll make you judge people.
 I don't care that you, whatever you like, whatever you like to do with your body, whatever thing you attracted to, I don't care.
 I not going to judge you on that.
 That has nothing to do with me.
 And I feel like that's what makes people see, you are a safe space.


TikTok

 You know what I'm trying to say?
 People feel safe around you.
 They can they can have the objects and things around and you won't be like, oh, you doing this?
 you like?
 You gonna be like, I'll fuck with that.
 You support them.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, you would support them.
 So you are naturally, you are people naturally safe, you are people natural, safe space.
 So that's why people do come around telling you they secrets or you, or God may reveal certain things to you because they know it's okay with this person.
 He's not going to say anything or she's not going to tell anybody.
 Like, you know?
 It's like, the secret is safe with you.


TikTok

 They feel safe around you.
 It's like they feel protected around you.
 You know?
 They feel like they can let loose around you.
 They feel like they can have fun around you.
 They feel like they can let, let this facade and mask go.
 Like if they sad, they can be sad around you and you're not going to be like, damn, get your sad ass out there.
 You're going to comfort them and give them some support.
 You know, you might give you might give them a shoulder to cry on.
 You may get them some tissue to blow their nose.
 Like, you're gonna act.
 It's like you are always there for people.
 This is why people genuinely can never forget you.
 This is probably why they got to act like your presence isn't bothering them or your absence isn't bothering them. And around other people, they're acting like higher body, like your presence isn't doing a number on them.


TikTok

 wonders on them, like, because nigga, they actually really miss you, gang, like, I don't know, though, because I can't say that, because, you know, I heard a lot of niggas say, yeah, we missed ops, man.
 I want to see the opposite shit.
 So I don't know about that game.
 You feel what I mean?
 Even though I got no ops, but I just know niggas be saying that.
 I know how niggas stink game, you feel me?
 But people genuinely do miss your game, you feel me?
 But it's just like, maybe you just really growing up and leveling up in life if you evolving and shit.
 So it was like, it's different now, you feel me?
 Like, Maybe if they were to interview old niggas and shit, like people you used to know, like, nah, that's bro and shit.


TikTok

 you cool as hell.
 Like, I really like, I wish I could talk to that niggas there or some shit like that, you know?
 Maybe they already interviewed or talked to people that you used to know in the past and try to get information on you.
 Like, so, did you know this person?
 Niggas like, yeah, uh, uh, whatever niggas was telling this, with these people, these FBI, these FBI agents and things of that nature.
 See, that's weird.
 That'd be all.
 Y'all fucking investigators.
 Y'all gonna ask people.
 And that means y'all got to do research and they do shit.
 Y'all weirdos.
 I would never do no shit like that.
 If you wanted to know something about a person, why not ask the person?


TikTok

 Why you got to go around to the people that the person knows or used to know?
 Why you can't directly act that person?
 Because that means you want some weird shit.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, yo, what's what's done?
 Like, you know that, girl?
 I'm gonna go talk to her myself and whenever she told me, I'm like, eh, I shouldn't fuck up.
 I don't, I don't got to hear.
 I don't have to hear it like, yeah, that bitch, hot sheet burning.
 I'm gonna figure it out my dancer.
 I'm not going
 fuck it to figure it out.
 I'm just know about the way she moving.
 I like, eh, something about that shit.


TikTok

 It's going to be it's going to be alarming.
 something going to be sensing me like, yeah, don't fuck that, bro.
 She cool and shit, but that's not something you fuck in.
 You feel me?
 Am I the only nigga that got that radar?
 When you when you know it's, all right, she cool as fuck, can't fuck that.
 You know, not saying she got anything, but it's just like something about you just like, don't even fuck that shit.
 like, you know.
 That shit over there.
 Like, you feel me?
 Like,
 But see, that's the thing, the discernment.
 People probably like your discernment and like how you pick up on things.


TikTok

 Because like you give, you be giving warnings before shit happens.
 I'm pretty sure in the past, niggas didn't listen to your warnings because they thought you were paranoid and crazy.
 How much you want to bet them niggas is listening now?
 Niggas is listening to the warnings now.
 You tried to warn niggas months ago, months ago, not even, nigga, years ago, you warn niggas.
 about this day.
 They decided to brush it off, like, this person crazy.
 don't know what the fuck they talking about.
 Hmm
 Come to find out.
 You know exactly what the fuck you talking about.


TikTok

 You exactly who the fuck you think you are and who you is.
 You've really actually that have vibrational person.
 You actually, that's spiritual being.
 That's actually spiritual.
 That's not fake spiritual.
 You actually a spiritual being, not a guru.
 I don't even know what the fuck a guru is.
 I me.
 Not that.
 I don't give a fuck about y'all titles, labels, categories, boxes, and labels and and motherfucking classifications.


TikTok

 I'm, I don't, I'm not going to say that because I am something.
 Fuck you talking about.
 Shit, crazy, chat.
 I don't even know again.
 Yo, I really don't like doing shit like this.
 Like, know when they, because now it would be me...
 It's like nowadays, you can't even do shit nowadays.
 Like, I can't even do this without y'all thinking some weird shit, like, yeah, look, y'all, he doing something.


TikTok

 Damn, bro.
 But I'm just a regular nigga, y'all, like, no funny shit.
 Like, I'm really a regular person, but it's like, they did all these things just in case we wake up so you won't believe anybody, bro.
 Like, because I'll be catching myself rubbing my eye in lock, gang.
 Why do I do that when I be recording?
 Because you get what I'm trying to say?
 Like, I don't never do it on some shit, like, on some, you know?
 A lot of niggas do that.
 On purpose, game.
 Like, they literally be on some on purpose shit.
 Nigga, they would post a picture and put it on his story.
 On purpose, getting like, You know, like, they literally do that shit on purpose.


TikTok

 It's not even on purpose.
 they get told to do that, nigga.
 See, Walker, I always got a good this deep, bro.
 Why?
 I mean, that's just who I am, bro.
 Just who I am.
 You know, I can never just stay on the surface.
 you know?
 I can, bro.
 I gotta get deep.
 Found yourself scrolling again?
 Maybe you're feeling anxious, lonely, stressed, and simply just lost track of time by watching all of these videos.
 Whatever you're feeling is completely valid.
 But I invite you to sit with that emotion just for a moment with me.


TikTok

 So unclenching your jaw, relaxing your shoulders, taking a deep breath in through the nose.
 And out through the mouth.
 Just noticing how your mind and body feel.
 From here, try going for a walk, playing with your pet, or getting back to whatever it is that you were doing, wishing you a wonderful day ahead.
 You're being studied.


TikTok

 You're being studied by people.
 Very high places.
 And you wouldn't.
 Believe how they're describing you in the.
 Into.
 You're being listed.
 As a human.
 Hybrid, extraterrestrial.
 This is a quick mess.


TikTok

 Message, front of you over.
 First. Joe studying you.
 And I think we talked about this, right?
 Um
 As we've been doing this, we've been on this journey together for a while now.
 Um, and we've been doing this for the last couple years, three, 4 years.
 We've had ups and downs, right?
 But you got.


TikTok

 I stay in tune, man.
 You stay locked in with me. And I appreciate everybody who, Who, who really look at me as the... sauce, right?
 Um, I'm tapped in, right?
 Chosen one.
 They're having discussions about you.
 You're being talked about in very high places.
 In fact, the... Black as a whole is being talked about in very...


TikTok

 High places.
 And when I say high places, I mean, Government, of course, right?
 gone, of course.
 You know, any place where they doing top notch secret.
 Shit, there's a file.
 What you guys in it?
 Sit on the desk.


TikTok

 And in his file, chosen one, his file...
 Chains.
 All types of papers, right?
 Right?
 It it contains...
 Where are you from?
 Your parents, their bloodline, right?
 They got your whole family.
 Family listed, both parents from both parents on.


TikTok

 And on and and it goes back.
 Um, so they, they,
 No, they're studying everything about you as far as your order.
 Origin and who your people are.
 Um, It has your education.
 It has your criminal.
 Record and criminal background.
 And then it has.
 Uh.
 How many times that you've survived? Five something insane.


TikTok

 And then it had, as, uh, this, another section that states, uh, powers.
 Or abilities that this person possesses.
 Chosen one.
 You being studied, man, and the thing is, right?
 Not only in these files. Do they have all of these things listed and describe in the description?


TikTok

 For all of these categories,
 They got video footage of you.
 Some of you woke up.
 And went outside one day and it was cameras in your neighborhood.
 on the street lights.
 You know, and you're wondering, damn, what is this camera here for?
 They're watching you, chosen one.
 A lot of y'all are starting to notice that, man.
 I remember when I 1st noticed, when I woke up one day, I went and looked outside and it was cameras on all the street, like, I'm like, bro, what the fuck?


TikTok

 It's insane, man.
 Chosen one, not only are you being monitored everywhere you go?
 But you were being...
 your monitor.
 In whatever situation, that you had got caught up in, and we often talk about these situations.
 You know, nobody's gonna believe that you've been through the shit that you've been through, but I know, because I've been through it.


TikTok

 And so as they watched you, you know, because I need you to understand, that whole little situation you went through with the crazy ass.
 Ass girl or guy and Friends and kids and all that.
 That dumb shit, whatever it was.
 I was right.
 And then you find out these people are really trying to fucking kill you and off you.
 They're being funded.


TikTok

 Those things, the Chosen One Olympics, that I always talk about, These people are funding the Chosen One Olympics.
 In fact, a lot of the things, a lot of the weapons, or things that were used against you, to destroy you, to unalive you.
 You can only get that shit if you know somebody who like, you got to be a fucking arms dealer.
 Right?
 To get nerve aging.
 which they're using on a lot.


TikTok

 A lot of people, a lot of y'all are out here.
 A lot of people dying from the nerve agent.
 But the ones that's living, I'm telling you, they're doing some type of experiment just to see who's who around this bitch.
 Yeah, a lot of people that are mysteriously dying from nothing.
 I'm telling you, man, they spraying nerve agents and they trying to see who was who?
 If you ever wake up one day, And you just choking.
 You can't breathe out of nowhere or you go.


TikTok

 Go use the AC in a in an Airbnb or a hotel, you turn it on, and it's, Spray some shit in your face and you can't breathe and you got to walk out in the room, feel like you're gonna die.
 A lot of money.
 Motherfuckers die from that shit.
 You're just different.
 You built.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Real shit.
 Chosen one.
 You're being studied.
 You're being studied by people of power all over the world.


TikTok

 Everybody's eyes are on the chosen.
 See, they have a system.
 And I need you to understand, like a lot of y'all done went to prison.
 They, you know, everything is a system, bro.
 Right?
 You ever notice how?
 Let's see if you was out here living a life of crime at one point in time, right?
 You ever had something, Noah Price?


TikTok

 And then as soon as you stop doing crimes and you, they bring it back up and send you to prison, like, or something like that, right?
 Where, they, they, they bring up some old shit after you done changed your life, right?
 It's all a system, man.
 And so a lot of y'all, when y'all was doing time and shit,
 They literally was testing you by putting you in certain places where you should have got killed.
 Or where you should have got, you know, putting you with your enemies and shit.


TikTok

 It on purpose.
 You were able to maneuver through it.
 They got categories like, because they understand that you got some type of manipulation mind control power to make it through prison without getting fucked over.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Especially when they put you in purpose predicaments of people where they know you don't get along with, right?
 This is a real thing.
 And if you've never been to prison, right?


TikTok

 They've been watching you since high school.
 Elementary school.
 There was something that you did that triggered.
 This could possibly be a chosen one.
 Because I need you to understand this, right?
 This thing is mental.
 And these professionals, they understand thought patterns.
 85% of the world brain is operating on the same type of dog patterns.
 And so, When you display certain abilities in school, like writing or when you display any type of thing that blows a teacher away, You automatically go on a list.


TikTok

 Yeah, I know.
 Why do you think they keep school records for every?
 They keep him fucking.
 Why do you think they keep your work from kindergarten forever?
 Come on, man.
 Make it make sense.
 The chosen one, you triggered them, and now you're on their list, and they're studying you.
 And they're calling you an alien hybrid.
 And I'm going to tell you why they're calling you that chosen.
 And what they'll never tell you is that they've already made contact with extraterrestrial beings.


TikTok

 They have already done that.
 And whether you choose to believe this or not, extraterrestrial have told them.
 You're off limits.
 I know it's crazy, but this is why you have the connection that you have with the stars.
 That's why you look up at the stars and you have that connection, chosen one.
 They don't know what to do with you, man, because technically, they've already tried to kill you.
 And then on top of that, after they kept doing what they was doing, extraterrestrials literally got involved.


TikTok

 You don't realize that, but extraterrestrial got involved with you.
 I'm gonna make a video about that.
 But chosen one, they're studying, and they're trying to figure out what you are.
 And since they don't know what you are, they're calling you a human hybrid extraterrestrial.
 Man, I don't know who you are, but you got me wearing my legend shirt and shit because their cutoff game?
 That's just what people do when they want to avoid feelings and shit, but your cutoff game.


TikTok

 shit.
 And that's the stuff.
 Legends are made of and shit.
 See, some people disappear because they don't want to deal with what's sitting in their damn chest.
 They treat emotions, man, like they're a mystery container in the back of the refrigerator that everybody keeps looking at, but nobody is brave enough to open that shit because the situation already has its own damn zip code or area code.
 But you'll ask, man, your ass is different.
 When you're done, you ain't performing.
 You ain't fucking teaching lessons.
 You simply teach.


TikTok

 And you reach a point where peace matters more than fucking keeping a seat reserved for somebody that keeps getting up from the fucking table every 5 damn minutes and shit.
 Wasn't kidding what I said that your stuff is the stuff that's made of ledge as your cutoff game, and that's when the 90 cups, and somebody keeps telling themselves that they're perfectly happy with how everything turns out and shit.
 And they fucking repeat the story so that much, man, you think they're fucking holding their own damn press conference with a press secretary, holding daily briefings in a fucking bathroom mirror and shit.


TikTok

 And the problem is that feelings don't fucking disappear just because somebody shows them into a closet.
 and throws a blanker over them and shit.
 And emotions are like unpaid parking tickets.
 Ignore that shit long enough, and then they come back with fucking cousins, attorneys, late fees, and overdraft fees and shit.
 And your silence, man, your silence forces this person to sit sit with themselves.
 And that's a job they've been a dodging hearten of a fucking kid pretending to be asleep.


TikTok

 When it's time to fucking wash the dishes and shit.
 And with the king of pentacles coming in next, man, this is a fucking good hang.
 Please, don't forget to think we're wrestling. not every message is going to wrestle with everyone. and if the universe brought me here is because your fucking cutoff game is the stuff that legends are made of and shit. and they're fucking trying to compete with your ass with that shit.
 And what bothers this person is seeing your life, continue to move forward and shit.
 You fucking responsibilities, still get handled, your foundation, fucking stay solid, I fuck with the king right here.


TikTok

 And the world doesn't fucking stop spinning because somebody decides to fucking make a dramatic exit and shit.
 And they, man, they expect distance to give them control.
 But your ass, man, your ass keeps building anyway, and that's like trying to shut down a construction site by stealing one orange cone, acting that you're fucking dismantled.
 The whole entire operation and shit.
 And the more stable U.S. becomes, the more it gets under their damn skin, man, your growth, whoever I'm talking to, annoys them and the way a fucking mosquito annoys somebody, trying to enjoy a fucking barbecue on the 4th of July and shit.


TikTok

 And with the 9 swords coming in next, man, now somebody's mind is working fucking overtime, like at world overnight and shit.
 They fucking replay conversations, old memories, and all the things that they never say and shit.
 And their fucking brain, man, is running more or less than fucking NASCAR driver with fucking 3 energy drinks deep already and a fucking sponsor to come contract on the damn line and shit.
 And nobody around them sees this either, man.
 On the outside, everything looks calm, everything.


TikTok

 It's fine, but on the fucking inside, man, it's a full fucking blown emergency meeting where everybody's arguing.
 Nobody fucking brought coffee and the fucking fire alarm, one start going beep.
 Beep, beep.
 And your caught off game?
 Man, makes it worse because there ain't no fucking mixed signals.
 There ain't no fucking breadcrumbs.
 And the GPS keeps saying, recalculating, I'm buffering and shit.
 But that fucking bridge is already gone and shit.
 And with the queen of wants coming in next, I'll tell you about this damn hand, man, you keep shining.


TikTok

 Regardless of who's standing next to you, US, and that right there irritates somebody, more than fucking stepping on a fucking Lego barefoot, a 2 o'clock in the damn morning and shit, when your kids left, all that shit around.
 And you don't need a fucking town crier, train whistle confirmation.
 Running to the fucking village, ringing a damn bell, and yelling, hear ye, hear ye.
 And poor person approaching and shit, before you walk into a room, man, your confidence handles all that business by damn self.
 And that war, that presence, that natural fire is exactly what somebody misses by pride.


TikTok

 Man keeps sitting in the damn driver's seat.
 Like a person that's been fucking lost for an hour and shit and still refuses to ask for directions and shit.
 And with the damn queen of swords, boy, this is where the fucking legend status comes in for US and shit.
 And wherever I'm talking to, man, once your mind makes a decision, your heart eventually catches up and shit.
 And that drawbridge goes up and the gates close and fucking the carrier pigeons and shit, get a notice saying the deliveries have been fucking permanently fucking disco teenager and shit.


TikTok

 And you, man, you don't cut people off because you're cruel.
 You do it because peace starts paying better dividends.
 that chaos and fucking uncertainty ever does and shit.
 And somebody, man, is learning that lesson right now, like a fucking student that spends the whole damn semester, ignoring the damn syllabus and suddenly remembers that, 0 my god, the final fucking exam is tomorrow at 8 o'clock in the morning and shit.
 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck.
 Oh my lord, the fucking emperor and shit, man.


TikTok

 Here's the damn part that makes me fucking shake my damn head and like fucking awe and shit.
 Your boundaries.
 They aren't fucking built on anger or shit.
 They're built on structure.
 They're built on damn discipline and they're built on exactly knowing what you fucking deserve and refusing to fucking negotiate with any fucking sorry ass with their stupid nonsense and shit.
 And you ain't fucking playing emotional hide and go seek and shit, and you ain't posting riddles on social media, hoping that fucking everybody sells a damn fucking Da Vinci code and shit.


TikTok

 You?
 Man, you standing on damn business.
 And once your ass reaches the fucking point of getting back, back into your life, harder than fucking getting a DMV appointment and shit.
 Man, the day before your license expired, you fucking quit that shit right away.
 That is why you're fucking cutoff game.
 is just something they fucking do when they're avoiding their feelings.
 Their cutoff game, but your fucking game, your fucking cutoff game is the stuff that fucking legends are made of and shit.


TikTok

 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck and shit.
 And you're a fucking legend because you trigger the hell out of somebody that doesn't want to face their damn reality.
 And remember, a big puppy doesn't send Freck requests and he does not send DMs.
 Any fucking sorry ass trying to send that shit to you, man, they're trying to take your damn money.
 So report their ass immediately because they're fucking taro.
 There's only one fucking legend, and one big motherfucking puppy, and you're looking at his ass right now. And remember for my TikTok friends tonight, I'll be on the fucking line at 8 p.m. and tomorrow night for my Facebook friends.


TikTok

 Thanks for watching.
 There's people in your life that are trying to slow down or even stop your ascension.
 And they're, they're reaching for control and they're now realizing,
 They've always been powerless.
 That your ascension, your rise, is far beyond what they are capable of controlling.
 Nobody and nothing can stop your rise.


TikTok

 Your expansion, your transformation, your growth. This is...
 This is your dream life.
 You can't miss it.
 You can't veer off track.
 It's not possible because this is for you.
 It's for nobody else.
 This journey cannot be replicated because you're truly one of one.
 It's just for you.
 So enjoy.


TikTok

 Enjoy this journey, this rise, this ascension, because nothing can stop it.
 Hmm.
 It's all for you.
 I love you.
 If your socks leave those marks on your ankles, you need sea moss.
 If your bra leaves those deep lines in your back, you need turmeric.
 If your clothes have been feeling tighter, you need sour sop.
 If you always look 6 months pregnant after every meal, even the healthy ones, you need black seed oil.


TikTok

 If the sacred space between your legs carries an unpleasant scent like sewage, you need chlorophyll.
 And if you have a deep, unexplainable tiredness, you need moringa.
 These are all your problems, and most people think it comes from stress, but in reality, it's your gut.
 As of that, they'll spend 100s on supplements separately to deal with all that.
 But what they don't know is they can deal with all that with one formula, sour sop, gut detox drops, pack all of this and more into one simple daily supplement.


TikTok

 It's a 100% natural supplement with ultra concentrated, pure sour sop, black seed, oil, moringa, sea moss, Ashwaganda, chlorophyll, oregano, turmeric.
 It contains no sugar and no gluten.
 It's powerful for gut health, hormone balance, and energy support, and you only have to take it 2 drops every day.
 And right now there's a special promotion here in the TikTok shop.
 But every time this offer gets mentioned, it sells out quickly.


TikTok

 If you still see the orange button down here, it means you are lucky.
 There are still a few units left.
 So click it, grab yours, and then come back to say thank you because I promise you your days will never be the same.
 Collective.
 You finally picked up the controller and started playing the game.
 And now the game ain't as fun as it used to be for other people.
 Now, the game is being played.
 The way that they didn't even know it was designed to play.


TikTok

 They didn't know these combinations of buttons could produce these type of results or make you make these type of moves, but somebody is now realizing your game, you got the controller now and you are playing a round of applause, clap, clap, claps to you.
 You making notes.
 Okay, so we're going to be jumping into these vibes to see what this is for you, to see what this could mean.
 Oops.
 This jumps up and jumps over, shattered.
 Ugh.


TikTok

 Shattered.
 Dang.
 You tearing somebody to shirts.
 Did I say that?
 You tell somebody to shreds or they was tearing you to shreds.
 And now you picked up the controller and now it's not so fun no more.
 Do they look like they're having fun?
 See, when they was when they was able to play and they had the controller and they was winning all the time and round one, they won round two, round three, by round five, you pick up the controller, like, no, wait a minute, let me start playing back and boom.
 It ain't so fun no more.
 Losing, um, and this shattered is, we're talking about like they pride, they ego.


TikTok

 Of course, it's the emotions, it's the feelings.
 It's not an easy looking no more.
 They're not standing up.
 throwing no none, they down on that ground, trying to pick up the pieces.
 Okay, now, of course, when I'm talking about all this hidden and punching and stuff, I'm talking, metaphorically speaking, okay?
 But somebody is shattered.
 They feel like they lost.
 If I'm going, it's easy, you know, let's take it for relationship wise.
 I'm going to be the one cheating.
 I'm going to be the one lying playing the game, doing this, da, da, da, da.
 And the 1st time you cheat back, oh, oh.


TikTok

 You know, I can't even breathe.
 You know?
 Or the 1st time, or you break up, you actually stand on business.
 You say, no, you know what?
 I'm tired of this.
 I'm sick of it, I'm out.
 I don't even want to cheat back.
 I going to just leave.
 and boom, shattered.
 okay?
 You started, however you started playing the game.
 But for most of y'all, you just started psychologically torturing people.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Your game your game is strong.
 Remember I said they acknowledging your game?
 It's like, hmm.
 Oh.
 And then I'm seeing it too.
 It's like thinking about,


TikTok

 So this whole time, I thought I was winning.
 It's only because you wasn't.
 You wasn't, so you could have been doing this the whole time.
 So you was restraining yourself.
 So you was watching me through all this wild stuff and do all that and you was actually restraining yourself.
 And so then you start playing the game and now, you know what I mean?
 Again, I'm feeling the need to talk about, you could have been doing that the whole time.
 But you didn't.
 And that's the part that kind of hurt even worse because it's like, dang, like,


TikTok

 Why didn't you do nothing?
 Why you ain't say nothing?
 You just let me do that?
 Now you plan and it's like, okay, take it out applies.
 Let's jump into these vibes, these terro vibes.
 Very 1st card, what do we got?
 Mm, 2 coins.
 Planning?
 Oh, you've been planning this.
 Uh, strategic strategy.
 what I'm getting.
 You did something on purpose.
 Remember I said you're playing the game now.
 You're making moves.
 So metaphorically speaking, symbolically speaking, like, you got a plan.
 This is strategy.


TikTok

 I'm not just throwing wild punches.
 No, I got combinations.
 I'm about to say you create a combination.
 You ever played those games before?
 Mortal Kombat, street, street fighter, soul caliber, all that kind of stuff.
 You got to punch and you got to hit and then you do all of those combinations and they end up doing something crazy and the whole game start going crazy and you lift them up to the sky and they spin around and then you slam them down and then all the the bricks and stuff go flying everywhere.
 Those type of things.
 Strategy.
 You had to learn how to do that.
 So while somebody is thinking they was doing something because they was pushing their little buttons, you put them on the game.


TikTok

 Oh, combos.
 combinations, spins, take them to the air, drop them down.
 Wow.
 So that's on purpose.
 So this is you.
 Oh, wow, wow.
 This is what I'm getting.
 You was studying the game.
 You was learning the game.
 You were learning the cheat codes.
 You was doing research, okay?
 It was on purpose that when you picked up the controller, when it was time for you to jump in the game and start playing the game, you knew what you were doing.


TikTok

 Somebody's pride and ego was built up off of uh, getting these sweet, easy licks, but that's because there was no lick back when the licks start coming back.
 It's like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
 Now you want to duck and hide.
 No, come on.
 No, get to the center of the ring.
 Because now it's 2 players.
 Okay?
 Whole time's just one player.
 Anyway, budget, financing, planning, whatever you got up your sleeve.
 Whatever it is that you're doing, keep using your strategies.
 You know we be getting divine strategies and divine instructions. So these are the things that are helping you make these moves that are opening up parts of the game that they didn't even know was there.


TikTok

 Okay?
 You're programming the game.
 Your programming what's about to happen.
 Okay?
 And you're finding all of the other codes within the program.
 They didn't even know they could do all that.
 Okay?
 Let's go behind the scenes.
 Let's talk about something that's going on that you don't know or maybe they didn't know, but somebody's gonna get pulled on right now.
 Six of swords.
 See, I told Jess that walk away.
 That's that walk away type energy.


TikTok

 This is what I did.
 for some of you guys, it's not that you started fighting back.
 Your fight back was walk away.
 Oh, you want to play?
 Okay, we're going to play.
 Okay, cool.
 Let me walk away.
 That's the biggest move you made.
 Okay?
 That's what got somebody shouted right there.
 You see him with his mouth on the ground.
 What you don't know is when you walked away, pow.
 knees to the ground.
 Face to the ground.
 Pride and ego shattered all around.
 Okay?
 For the more collective you walking in your power, being powerful on purpose and putting yourself on display in this in this very genuine and authentic way, it invokes inspiration in other people.


TikTok

 It invokes confidence in them that, hell, you can damn well do whatever it is that you are trying to complete, whatever the objective is, whatever the end goal or end game is, baby, either way, people are rooting for you.
 You did what I'm saying?
 People are getting behind you and, you know, even if it's unbeknownst to yourself, they are beginning to galvanize around your energy.
 You did what I'm saying.
 So that way they can take the greatest motherfucking meat, luxury, and leisure, being able to bear witness as to what, like I said, your faith in conjunction with your works, in conjunction with your attitude for gratitude, in conjunction with you being so ironclad and unwavering, unrelenting. You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Ooh. I am glad you're bound.
 Unwavering in your faith, unrelenting in your power, in your purpose.
 You did what I'm saying, as it pertains to being in pursuit of that of which you know God's source, big, cheesy, completely.


TikTok

has for your story.
 I'm talking about none other than the greater glory.


TikTok

what I was saying.
 And, hell, people are able to tell as well, baby, that, hell, not everything in this life going to be hunky dory.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 You might run into a couple of bumps in a row.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 you might come up behind a couple of little snappoos, inconveniences, things of that nature, you did what I'm saying, but it'll make you, no, never mind.
 You did what I'm saying?
 And just when people think that... that those same type of inconvenient, inconvenient, you know, troubles or, you know, strive or, you know, trials and or tribulations, you know, could get to them.


TikTok

 They look on at you and then they say, never mind, you did what I'm saying.
 Because you make people feel as if they could never be behind, because so long as they are present within this present moment, they will be able to have all the qualities, all the characteristics they will be able to have.


TikTok

the self-belief, the self-assuredness, and furthermore, the confidence to know that they are on the right track.
 You dig what I'm saying so long as they are enveloped in the here and right motherfucking me now.
 So long as they win today right now, and they can take the first step to win today, right now, by already deciding, no soon as their clock, as no soon as their consciousness clocks into the simulation for the day, baby, that they are going to be powerful on purpose.
 You did what I'm saying?
 They have decided.
 You know, soon as they have risen, baby, the rest will be history.
 Like I said, the proof will then will be in the pudding.


TikTok

 Mm, mm, mm.
 So, yeah, collective, just know for show that you are seen as somebody who is very much so capable.
 Like I said, doing whatever the fuck it is that you want to do.
 And this is why you are going to be met with with opportunities, with chances provided to you by other people or provided to you by you by way of the actions that you have taken.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Ooh.
 Because you just be out here making it happen.
 Captain, I was talking about collective.
 You make it do what they do in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 And it don't matter how.
 USA or France?
 Who winning at all?
 Man, fuck all that playtime over.
 For the name next, man.
 Put a name next.
 I know who needs to hear this, but they said you not the one.
 They said they don't really believe you.
 They said all that little shit you posted, man, ain't gonna last.
 You ain't gonna do what you say you gonna do.
 You ain't who you say you are.
 They said without them, you wouldn't even do nothing.
 You ain't nothing without them.
 Hey, man, they throwing they throwing stones at your name, man.
 They telling people you not really the one.


TikTok

 And they're preying on your downfall.
 I need you to lock the fuck in.
 I need you to take this very serious, because this is not a physical, flesh and blood fight.
 This is a spiritual war, and God has chose you to shut them demons up.
 It's game time, baby.
 Put on their fucking necks, man, and don't let up.
 Tomorrow's Monday.
 What you gonna do about it?
 Lock in.
 lets go.
 You've got a big surprise that is headed your way.
 I don't know what you have done, whether you have called this in, you've been manifesting it.


TikTok

 You've been journaling about it.
 You've been praying about it.
 Whatever you have been doing, something major is about to land into your hands.
 And I feel like this, whatever it may be, is going to be so huge that it's going to be even better than what you have been wanting.
 It's actually going to blow your mind.
 Like, I feel like your next tears are going to be happy ones.
 Not sad ones, because you have done so much of that.


TikTok

 Like, I feel, I feel like that's all, you know, the things that are about to flow to you right now is going to be so immaculate.
 Like



TikTok

 Their respect for you is not shallow admiration.
 It is not based on appearances or convenience.
 It is born from recognition.
 They see you through a spiritual lens, and they know they have encountered someone rare.
 While the world is flooded with people who wear disguises, this person treasures your authenticity, in a culture where deception is common and masks are many, your willingness to stand as you are has become priceless.
 They know you are not here to flatter, to fake, or to manipulate.
 Your words carry the sting of truth, but also the healing power of wisdom.


TikTok

 They would rather hear your correction than endure the sweet lies of another.
 That is why they hold you in such high regard.
 Gratitude fills this person's heart for having crossed paths with you.
 To them, you are not ordinary.
 You are a divine appointment, a gift they never expected but deeply needed.
 And because of this, the love they are about to show you will exceed the collective love of your past.
 Where betrayal once pierced you, their loyalty will cover you, where neglect left scars, their attention will heal.


TikTok

 Where silence hurt, their words will restore.
 Within days and weeks, you will feel a difference.
 The love and honor they pour into you will outweigh years of disappointment.
 The weight of what you endured before will be lifted by the magnitude of what you are about to receive now.
 This person knows your worth, and they are not careless with it.
 They understand that when something is rare, it must be guarded, protected, and cherished.
 They are not reckless with what they value, and you are the rarest treasure they have found.
 Unlike those who drained your energy, this person will not take without giving.


TikTok

 Unlike those who used you for their gain, this person seeks balance.
 They will reciprocate, they will honor, and they will add to your life rather than subtract from it.
 They are not an energy thief.
 They are not a manipulator.
 They are not a burden dressed as a blessing.
 They are authentic in their own right, and they recognize authenticity in you.
 They know you cannot be replaced.
 They know your kind does not exist in duplicates, and because of that, they treat you like something sacred.
 In their eyes, your worth is beyond measure, and they live daily in gratitude for your presence.


TikTok

 This connection is not ordinary, it is divine.
 It has been placed in your life at a time when you were ready to be honored, when you were strong enough to receive love without fear, and when you had healed enough to stand in your worth.
 They will walk carefully in your presence, not because they fear punishment, but because...


TikTok


 They knew, once you knew who they were, they knew the gig was up.
 See, the reason why they twist everything on you.
 The reason why they went out and smeared your name, the reason why you had a lot of those outbursts, outlashes, you know, making other people believe that, you know, you came for them.


TikTok

 That's why they came back for you.
 It's because they did not want you to see them for who they truly are.
 And who they truly are, are people that is wounded and weak.
 Their tactics were used on use so you couldn't see them for who they were.
 Because if they could keep you from your truth, if they can keep you from your true identity, they know that you would be a whole nuclear bomb out here.


TikTok

 The reason why they tried so hard, and I say, tried.
 I didn't say they succeeded.
 But the reason why they tried so hard, because they did not want you to reach your troop.
 That's why they manipulated the narrative, try to make others believe that, you know, behind closed doors, you the one that does this, you the one that does that.
 You the one that, you know, made them or put them in a position, you know, uh, telling people about you in a negative way, cursing you out to people, you know, put in labels on you.


TikTok

 You never heard of, you know, going out twisting a narrative like you are some type of wolf.
 But when people can't see them for who they are, they can put them under a spell.
 So what they did from childhood to adulthood.
 Your family, your friends, whoever, it had access to you was disconnecting the wires.
 They tried to detonate the bomb that's inside of you, because they know once you reach your full purpose,


TikTok

 You fend to blow every false illusion.
 Every false imagination, every lie, every manipulation, every passive aggressive, everyone that humiliated smeared and believed on your name.
 One thing about lies.
 They got to keep covering that up.
 But there's a point in life when lies don't even stand no more because lies have a pattern.


TikTok

 Lies have to keep being circled and resurfaced.
 They got to keep circling back.
 You, truth teller, chosen one light worker, you, Earth Angel.
 You don't have to keep circling back to make sure or cover up what you said to anybody, because what you say is what you mean.


TikTok

 See, as long as they could help you or keep you blinded, to who they truly are, they can keep doing what they doing to you, because you won't fight back.
 They needed you to believe in their false identity.
 They need you to believe that they are the nuclear bombs.
 That's why they use money.
 That's why they use body shapes.
 That's why they use degrees.
 That's why they use words.
 That's why they go out here and get another woman or another man to keep you jealous, to keep you disconnected from your truth.


TikTok

 But instead, every time they would disconnect the wire, you would go back and reconnect it.
 Now they're exposed, because one thing about someone to have a false identity, they do not want to be seen for who they truly are, but you seen them.
 They did not know that you seen them for who they were.
 They did not know as well as they were studying you.
 You were studying them.
 They did not know.


TikTok

 See, you moved in silence.
 They out here making big noise.
 As I saying, I say again, A fool is a danger to their own selves.
 And now, that bomb that they built, because they built you.
 Blue slam up, blew their whole existence, false existence.
 Let's make sure we know it's false.


TikTok

 Slam up.
 And they don't know where to start from now.
 They don't know, they don't even know where to begin, because now they're naked.
 Everything is blowed to pieces in their world.
 That's why they're so quiet.
 And their comeback is whack.
 I don't know, collective.
 I'm just saying here thinking, and I'm just convinced that. Do you know, I feel, I really feel like, since you have came around and entered people's life, you have changed them, bro.


TikTok

 In many ways, and I really feel like they still...
 I mean, it's harder to hold it up, but they still have this mask going around their family and friends and coworkers.
 Like everything is okay and good.
 Because, you know, non-, I want to say, say, we can say 6 times out of 10, maybe they stop talking about you because, You probably used to talk about you a lot.
 Maybe they still do.
 I don't know.
 But they probably stop talking about you.
 Because when he was talking about you, you know, a lot of people seen how irritated and angry they was, you know, so they stopped talking about you.


TikTok

 Then that's the mask.
 Now they're trying to put on his smile.
 Like everything is still good.
 When you probably still in the back of their mind.
 Maybe fuck the back, the front, the back, the side, the front, nigga, you everywhere around me, mom.
 It's like, They can't get rid of the thought of you, but not in a bad way.
 In a good way, because you, somebody that motivated them.
 You somebody that loved them, you somebody that showed up for them, you somebody that supported them.
 You somebody.


TikTok

 That inspires them.
 So they always remember and think, like, I just really feel like, I don't know why I think like this, but when they do certain things, or what would he do, or what would she do?
 How would they think about this situation?
 How would they view the situation?
 You get what I'm trying to say? Like, because I really feel like a lot of people be in certain situations.
 They may not know how to deal with it, but they think to that, to they think about that one person that would know how to deal with it, which is, you.


TikTok

 So it don't matter what happens in your life now, they they like, I got it, bro, you know?
 Because it's like, It's like you, like, they remember all the wisdom you gave them, all the ideas and creativity, and all the, The preparation you gave them, like, yo, bro, all you got to do is uh, uh, X, Y, and Z.
 and they remember that.
 It's not like they forgot.
 It's like, you taught niggas for real.
 No?
 It's like you actually be teaching it, educating people.
 It's a difference.
 And I really feel like a lot of people trying to copy your teaching energy.


TikTok

 They want to copy that because they want to be like that because a lot of people gravitated to you.
 They see a lot of people learning from you and taking advice from you.
 And guess what?
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 They want people to learn from them, but not everybody probably be fucking with their shit, how they be fucking with your shit.
 Not saying that they doing it wrong.
 Not saying that they doing it bad, not saying, I don't know what the fuck they doing.
 But maybe they trying to do it too much like you.
 You know, and I'm probably, I'm convinced that maybe a lot of people is now seeing, oh, they was the copycast.
 This was the real person, you know?


TikTok

 But it's too late for a lot.
 Maybe it's never too late for anything, but I'm just convinced that.
 Around everybody else, they got to act like your presence isn't bothering them.
 Like, they acting like they got to act unbothered now.
 Like, I don't know, that shit don't mean nothing.
 That shit was not long ago, guys.
 We shouldn't be talking about him.
 We shouldn't even be bringing up the collective.
 But let them get along.
 The collective is on their mind.
 Nigga, they worry about the collective.
 They think about you.
 Because it's like, there's so many good things to think about you.
 It's not like when they think about you, they think about bad shit that you've done.


TikTok

 No, they think about the good shit you do.
 Because, you know, as much as people want to say you a bad person, niggas know you're not a bad person.
 They only say that just to make themselves feel better about where they at in life or about how they treated you.
 Like, that person was a bad person anyway.
 That's why I did what I did.
 No, you only did that because you was a weirdo.
 And you was a bad person.
 But the thing is, you didn't treat them like a bad person.
 You treated them like they was a hero, you know?
 It's like, I really feel like you, that type of person.
 You don't treat a villain like a villain.


TikTok

 You treat a villain with hospitality.
 You know, you treat people with love and kindness, respect.
 You know, you don't treat people weird.
 Just because they done weird things.
 But you will be like, eh, no, but I don't really care about that.
 Hmm? Then whatever people done, that don't make you look at them differently.
 Like, that'll make you judge people.
 I don't care that you, whatever you like, whatever you like to do with your body, whatever thing you attracted to, I don't care.
 I not going to judge you on that.
 That has nothing to do with me.
 And I feel like that's what makes people see, you are a safe space.


TikTok

 You know what I'm trying to say?
 People feel safe around you.
 They can they can have the objects and things around and you won't be like, oh, you doing this?
 you like?
 You gonna be like, I'll fuck with that.
 You support them.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, you would support them.
 So you are naturally, you are people naturally safe, you are people natural, safe space.
 So that's why people do come around telling you they secrets or you, or God may reveal certain things to you because they know it's okay with this person.
 He's not going to say anything or she's not going to tell anybody.
 Like, you know?
 It's like, the secret is safe with you.


TikTok

 They feel safe around you.
 It's like they feel protected around you.
 You know?
 They feel like they can let loose around you.
 They feel like they can have fun around you.
 They feel like they can let, let this facade and mask go.
 Like if they sad, they can be sad around you and you're not going to be like, damn, get your sad ass out there.
 You're going to comfort them and give them some support.
 You know, you might give you might give them a shoulder to cry on.
 You may get them some tissue to blow their nose.
 Like, you're gonna act.
 It's like you are always there for people.
 This is why people genuinely can never forget you.
 This is probably why they got to act like your presence isn't bothering them or your absence isn't bothering them. And around other people, they're acting like higher body, like your presence isn't doing a number on them.


TikTok

 wonders on them, like, because nigga, they actually really miss you, gang, like, I don't know, though, because I can't say that, because, you know, I heard a lot of niggas say, yeah, we missed ops, man.
 I want to see the opposite shit.
 So I don't know about that game.
 You feel what I mean?
 Even though I got no ops, but I just know niggas be saying that.
 I know how niggas stink game, you feel me?
 But people genuinely do miss your game, you feel me?
 But it's just like, maybe you just really growing up and leveling up in life if you evolving and shit.
 So it was like, it's different now, you feel me?
 Like, Maybe if they were to interview old niggas and shit, like people you used to know, like, nah, that's bro and shit.


TikTok

 you cool as hell.
 Like, I really like, I wish I could talk to that niggas there or some shit like that, you know?
 Maybe they already interviewed or talked to people that you used to know in the past and try to get information on you.
 Like, so, did you know this person?
 Niggas like, yeah, uh, uh, whatever niggas was telling this, with these people, these FBI, these FBI agents and things of that nature.
 See, that's weird.
 That'd be all.
 Y'all fucking investigators.
 Y'all gonna ask people.
 And that means y'all got to do research and they do shit.
 Y'all weirdos.
 I would never do no shit like that.
 If you wanted to know something about a person, why not ask the person?


TikTok

 Why you got to go around to the people that the person knows or used to know?
 Why you can't directly act that person?
 Because that means you want some weird shit.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, yo, what's what's done?
 Like, you know that, girl?
 I'm gonna go talk to her myself and whenever she told me, I'm like, eh, I shouldn't fuck up.
 I don't, I don't got to hear.
 I don't have to hear it like, yeah, that bitch, hot sheet burning.
 I'm gonna figure it out my dancer.
 I'm not going
 fuck it to figure it out.
 I'm just know about the way she moving.
 I like, eh, something about that shit.


TikTok

 It's going to be it's going to be alarming.
 something going to be sensing me like, yeah, don't fuck that, bro.
 She cool and shit, but that's not something you fuck in.
 You feel me?
 Am I the only nigga that got that radar?
 When you when you know it's, all right, she cool as fuck, can't fuck that.
 You know, not saying she got anything, but it's just like something about you just like, don't even fuck that shit.
 like, you know.
 That shit over there.
 Like, you feel me?
 Like,
 But see, that's the thing, the discernment.
 People probably like your discernment and like how you pick up on things.


TikTok

 Because like you give, you be giving warnings before shit happens.
 I'm pretty sure in the past, niggas didn't listen to your warnings because they thought you were paranoid and crazy.
 How much you want to bet them niggas is listening now?
 Niggas is listening to the warnings now.
 You tried to warn niggas months ago, months ago, not even, nigga, years ago, you warn niggas.
 about this day.
 They decided to brush it off, like, this person crazy.
 don't know what the fuck they talking about.
 Hmm
 Come to find out.
 You know exactly what the fuck you talking about.


TikTok

 You exactly who the fuck you think you are and who you is.
 You've really actually that have vibrational person.
 You actually, that's spiritual being.
 That's actually spiritual.
 That's not fake spiritual.
 You actually a spiritual being, not a guru.
 I don't even know what the fuck a guru is.
 I me.
 Not that.
 I don't give a fuck about y'all titles, labels, categories, boxes, and labels and and motherfucking classifications.


TikTok

 I'm, I don't, I'm not going to say that because I am something.
 Fuck you talking about.
 Shit, crazy, chat.
 I don't even know again.
 Yo, I really don't like doing shit like this.
 Like, know when they, because now it would be me...
 It's like nowadays, you can't even do shit nowadays.
 Like, I can't even do this without y'all thinking some weird shit, like, yeah, look, y'all, he doing something.


TikTok

 Damn, bro.
 But I'm just a regular nigga, y'all, like, no funny shit.
 Like, I'm really a regular person, but it's like, they did all these things just in case we wake up so you won't believe anybody, bro.
 Like, because I'll be catching myself rubbing my eye in lock, gang.
 Why do I do that when I be recording?
 Because you get what I'm trying to say?
 Like, I don't never do it on some shit, like, on some, you know?
 A lot of niggas do that.
 On purpose, game.
 Like, they literally be on some on purpose shit.
 Nigga, they would post a picture and put it on his story.
 On purpose, getting like, You know, like, they literally do that shit on purpose.


TikTok

 It's not even on purpose.
 they get told to do that, nigga.
 See, Walker, I always got a good this deep, bro.
 Why?
 I mean, that's just who I am, bro.
 Just who I am.
 You know, I can never just stay on the surface.
 you know?
 I can, bro.
 I gotta get deep.
 Found yourself scrolling again?
 Maybe you're feeling anxious, lonely, stressed, and simply just lost track of time by watching all of these videos.
 Whatever you're feeling is completely valid.
 But I invite you to sit with that emotion just for a moment with me.


TikTok

 So unclenching your jaw, relaxing your shoulders, taking a deep breath in through the nose.
 And out through the mouth.
 Just noticing how your mind and body feel.
 From here, try going for a walk, playing with your pet, or getting back to whatever it is that you were doing, wishing you a wonderful day ahead.
 You're being studied.


TikTok

 You're being studied by people.
 Very high places.
 And you wouldn't.
 Believe how they're describing you in the.
 Into.
 You're being listed.
 As a human.
 Hybrid, extraterrestrial.
 This is a quick mess.


TikTok

 Message, front of you over.
 First. Joe studying you.
 And I think we talked about this, right?
 Um
 As we've been doing this, we've been on this journey together for a while now.
 Um, and we've been doing this for the last couple years, three, 4 years.
 We've had ups and downs, right?
 But you got.


TikTok

 I stay in tune, man.
 You stay locked in with me. And I appreciate everybody who, Who, who really look at me as the... sauce, right?
 Um, I'm tapped in, right?
 Chosen one.
 They're having discussions about you.
 You're being talked about in very high places.
 In fact, the... Black as a whole is being talked about in very...


TikTok

 High places.
 And when I say high places, I mean, Government, of course, right?
 gone, of course.
 You know, any place where they doing top notch secret.
 Shit, there's a file.
 What you guys in it?
 Sit on the desk.


TikTok

 And in his file, chosen one, his file...
 Chains.
 All types of papers, right?
 Right?
 It it contains...
 Where are you from?
 Your parents, their bloodline, right?
 They got your whole family.
 Family listed, both parents from both parents on.


TikTok

 And on and and it goes back.
 Um, so they, they,
 No, they're studying everything about you as far as your order.
 Origin and who your people are.
 Um, It has your education.
 It has your criminal.
 Record and criminal background.
 And then it has.
 Uh.
 How many times that you've survived? Five something insane.


TikTok

 And then it had, as, uh, this, another section that states, uh, powers.
 Or abilities that this person possesses.
 Chosen one.
 You being studied, man, and the thing is, right?
 Not only in these files. Do they have all of these things listed and describe in the description?


TikTok

 For all of these categories,
 They got video footage of you.
 Some of you woke up.
 And went outside one day and it was cameras in your neighborhood.
 on the street lights.
 You know, and you're wondering, damn, what is this camera here for?
 They're watching you, chosen one.
 A lot of y'all are starting to notice that, man.
 I remember when I 1st noticed, when I woke up one day, I went and looked outside and it was cameras on all the street, like, I'm like, bro, what the fuck?


TikTok

 It's insane, man.
 Chosen one, not only are you being monitored everywhere you go?
 But you were being...
 your monitor.
 In whatever situation, that you had got caught up in, and we often talk about these situations.
 You know, nobody's gonna believe that you've been through the shit that you've been through, but I know, because I've been through it.


TikTok

 And so as they watched you, you know, because I need you to understand, that whole little situation you went through with the crazy ass.
 Ass girl or guy and Friends and kids and all that.
 That dumb shit, whatever it was.
 I was right.
 And then you find out these people are really trying to fucking kill you and off you.
 They're being funded.


TikTok

 Those things, the Chosen One Olympics, that I always talk about, These people are funding the Chosen One Olympics.
 In fact, a lot of the things, a lot of the weapons, or things that were used against you, to destroy you, to unalive you.
 You can only get that shit if you know somebody who like, you got to be a fucking arms dealer.
 Right?
 To get nerve aging.
 which they're using on a lot.


TikTok

 A lot of people, a lot of y'all are out here.
 A lot of people dying from the nerve agent.
 But the ones that's living, I'm telling you, they're doing some type of experiment just to see who's who around this bitch.
 Yeah, a lot of people that are mysteriously dying from nothing.
 I'm telling you, man, they spraying nerve agents and they trying to see who was who?
 If you ever wake up one day, And you just choking.
 You can't breathe out of nowhere or you go.


TikTok

 Go use the AC in a in an Airbnb or a hotel, you turn it on, and it's, Spray some shit in your face and you can't breathe and you got to walk out in the room, feel like you're gonna die.
 A lot of money.
 Motherfuckers die from that shit.
 You're just different.
 You built.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Real shit.
 Chosen one.
 You're being studied.
 You're being studied by people of power all over the world.


TikTok

 Everybody's eyes are on the chosen.
 See, they have a system.
 And I need you to understand, like a lot of y'all done went to prison.
 They, you know, everything is a system, bro.
 Right?
 You ever notice how?
 Let's see if you was out here living a life of crime at one point in time, right?
 You ever had something, Noah Price?


TikTok

 And then as soon as you stop doing crimes and you, they bring it back up and send you to prison, like, or something like that, right?
 Where, they, they, they bring up some old shit after you done changed your life, right?
 It's all a system, man.
 And so a lot of y'all, when y'all was doing time and shit,
 They literally was testing you by putting you in certain places where you should have got killed.
 Or where you should have got, you know, putting you with your enemies and shit.


TikTok

 It on purpose.
 You were able to maneuver through it.
 They got categories like, because they understand that you got some type of manipulation mind control power to make it through prison without getting fucked over.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Especially when they put you in purpose predicaments of people where they know you don't get along with, right?
 This is a real thing.
 And if you've never been to prison, right?


TikTok

 They've been watching you since high school.
 Elementary school.
 There was something that you did that triggered.
 This could possibly be a chosen one.
 Because I need you to understand this, right?
 This thing is mental.
 And these professionals, they understand thought patterns.
 85% of the world brain is operating on the same type of dog patterns.
 And so, When you display certain abilities in school, like writing or when you display any type of thing that blows a teacher away, You automatically go on a list.


TikTok

 Yeah, I know.
 Why do you think they keep school records for every?
 They keep him fucking.
 Why do you think they keep your work from kindergarten forever?
 Come on, man.
 Make it make sense.
 The chosen one, you triggered them, and now you're on their list, and they're studying you.
 And they're calling you an alien hybrid.
 And I'm going to tell you why they're calling you that chosen.
 And what they'll never tell you is that they've already made contact with extraterrestrial beings.


TikTok

 They have already done that.
 And whether you choose to believe this or not, extraterrestrial have told them.
 You're off limits.
 I know it's crazy, but this is why you have the connection that you have with the stars.
 That's why you look up at the stars and you have that connection, chosen one.
 They don't know what to do with you, man, because technically, they've already tried to kill you.
 And then on top of that, after they kept doing what they was doing, extraterrestrials literally got involved.


TikTok

 You don't realize that, but extraterrestrial got involved with you.
 I'm gonna make a video about that.
 But chosen one, they're studying, and they're trying to figure out what you are.
 And since they don't know what you are, they're calling you a human hybrid extraterrestrial.
 Man, I don't know who you are, but you got me wearing my legend shirt and shit because their cutoff game?
 That's just what people do when they want to avoid feelings and shit, but your cutoff game.


TikTok

 shit.
 And that's the stuff.
 Legends are made of and shit.
 See, some people disappear because they don't want to deal with what's sitting in their damn chest.
 They treat emotions, man, like they're a mystery container in the back of the refrigerator that everybody keeps looking at, but nobody is brave enough to open that shit because the situation already has its own damn zip code or area code.
 But you'll ask, man, your ass is different.
 When you're done, you ain't performing.
 You ain't fucking teaching lessons.
 You simply teach.


TikTok

 And you reach a point where peace matters more than fucking keeping a seat reserved for somebody that keeps getting up from the fucking table every 5 damn minutes and shit.
 Wasn't kidding what I said that your stuff is the stuff that's made of ledge as your cutoff game, and that's when the 90 cups, and somebody keeps telling themselves that they're perfectly happy with how everything turns out and shit.
 And they fucking repeat the story so that much, man, you think they're fucking holding their own damn press conference with a press secretary, holding daily briefings in a fucking bathroom mirror and shit.


TikTok

 And the problem is that feelings don't fucking disappear just because somebody shows them into a closet.
 and throws a blanker over them and shit.
 And emotions are like unpaid parking tickets.
 Ignore that shit long enough, and then they come back with fucking cousins, attorneys, late fees, and overdraft fees and shit.
 And your silence, man, your silence forces this person to sit sit with themselves.
 And that's a job they've been a dodging hearten of a fucking kid pretending to be asleep.


TikTok

 When it's time to fucking wash the dishes and shit.
 And with the king of pentacles coming in next, man, this is a fucking good hang.
 Please, don't forget to think we're wrestling. not every message is going to wrestle with everyone. and if the universe brought me here is because your fucking cutoff game is the stuff that legends are made of and shit. and they're fucking trying to compete with your ass with that shit.
 And what bothers this person is seeing your life, continue to move forward and shit.
 You fucking responsibilities, still get handled, your foundation, fucking stay solid, I fuck with the king right here.


TikTok

 And the world doesn't fucking stop spinning because somebody decides to fucking make a dramatic exit and shit.
 And they, man, they expect distance to give them control.
 But your ass, man, your ass keeps building anyway, and that's like trying to shut down a construction site by stealing one orange cone, acting that you're fucking dismantled.
 The whole entire operation and shit.
 And the more stable U.S. becomes, the more it gets under their damn skin, man, your growth, whoever I'm talking to, annoys them and the way a fucking mosquito annoys somebody, trying to enjoy a fucking barbecue on the 4th of July and shit.


TikTok

 And with the 9 swords coming in next, man, now somebody's mind is working fucking overtime, like at world overnight and shit.
 They fucking replay conversations, old memories, and all the things that they never say and shit.
 And their fucking brain, man, is running more or less than fucking NASCAR driver with fucking 3 energy drinks deep already and a fucking sponsor to come contract on the damn line and shit.
 And nobody around them sees this either, man.
 On the outside, everything looks calm, everything.


TikTok

 It's fine, but on the fucking inside, man, it's a full fucking blown emergency meeting where everybody's arguing.
 Nobody fucking brought coffee and the fucking fire alarm, one start going beep.
 Beep, beep.
 And your caught off game?
 Man, makes it worse because there ain't no fucking mixed signals.
 There ain't no fucking breadcrumbs.
 And the GPS keeps saying, recalculating, I'm buffering and shit.
 But that fucking bridge is already gone and shit.
 And with the queen of wants coming in next, I'll tell you about this damn hand, man, you keep shining.


TikTok

 Regardless of who's standing next to you, US, and that right there irritates somebody, more than fucking stepping on a fucking Lego barefoot, a 2 o'clock in the damn morning and shit, when your kids left, all that shit around.
 And you don't need a fucking town crier, train whistle confirmation.
 Running to the fucking village, ringing a damn bell, and yelling, hear ye, hear ye.
 And poor person approaching and shit, before you walk into a room, man, your confidence handles all that business by damn self.
 And that war, that presence, that natural fire is exactly what somebody misses by pride.


TikTok

 Man keeps sitting in the damn driver's seat.
 Like a person that's been fucking lost for an hour and shit and still refuses to ask for directions and shit.
 And with the damn queen of swords, boy, this is where the fucking legend status comes in for US and shit.
 And wherever I'm talking to, man, once your mind makes a decision, your heart eventually catches up and shit.
 And that drawbridge goes up and the gates close and fucking the carrier pigeons and shit, get a notice saying the deliveries have been fucking permanently fucking disco teenager and shit.


TikTok

 And you, man, you don't cut people off because you're cruel.
 You do it because peace starts paying better dividends.
 that chaos and fucking uncertainty ever does and shit.
 And somebody, man, is learning that lesson right now, like a fucking student that spends the whole damn semester, ignoring the damn syllabus and suddenly remembers that, 0 my god, the final fucking exam is tomorrow at 8 o'clock in the morning and shit.
 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck.
 Oh my lord, the fucking emperor and shit, man.


TikTok

 Here's the damn part that makes me fucking shake my damn head and like fucking awe and shit.
 Your boundaries.
 They aren't fucking built on anger or shit.
 They're built on structure.
 They're built on damn discipline and they're built on exactly knowing what you fucking deserve and refusing to fucking negotiate with any fucking sorry ass with their stupid nonsense and shit.
 And you ain't fucking playing emotional hide and go seek and shit, and you ain't posting riddles on social media, hoping that fucking everybody sells a damn fucking Da Vinci code and shit.


TikTok

 You?
 Man, you standing on damn business.
 And once your ass reaches the fucking point of getting back, back into your life, harder than fucking getting a DMV appointment and shit.
 Man, the day before your license expired, you fucking quit that shit right away.
 That is why you're fucking cutoff game.
 is just something they fucking do when they're avoiding their feelings.
 Their cutoff game, but your fucking game, your fucking cutoff game is the stuff that fucking legends are made of and shit.


TikTok

 And let's take a look at the bottom of the deck and shit.
 And you're a fucking legend because you trigger the hell out of somebody that doesn't want to face their damn reality.
 And remember, a big puppy doesn't send Freck requests and he does not send DMs.
 Any fucking sorry ass trying to send that shit to you, man, they're trying to take your damn money.
 So report their ass immediately because they're fucking taro.
 There's only one fucking legend, and one big motherfucking puppy, and you're looking at his ass right now. And remember for my TikTok friends tonight, I'll be on the fucking line at 8 p.m. and tomorrow night for my Facebook friends.


TikTok

 Thanks for watching.
 There's people in your life that are trying to slow down or even stop your ascension.
 And they're, they're reaching for control and they're now realizing,
 They've always been powerless.
 That your ascension, your rise, is far beyond what they are capable of controlling.
 Nobody and nothing can stop your rise.


TikTok

 Your expansion, your transformation, your growth. This is...
 This is your dream life.
 You can't miss it.
 You can't veer off track.
 It's not possible because this is for you.
 It's for nobody else.
 This journey cannot be replicated because you're truly one of one.
 It's just for you.
 So enjoy.


TikTok

 Enjoy this journey, this rise, this ascension, because nothing can stop it.
 Hmm.
 It's all for you.
 I love you.
 If your socks leave those marks on your ankles, you need sea moss.
 If your bra leaves those deep lines in your back, you need turmeric.
 If your clothes have been feeling tighter, you need sour sop.
 If you always look 6 months pregnant after every meal, even the healthy ones, you need black seed oil.


TikTok

 If the sacred space between your legs carries an unpleasant scent like sewage, you need chlorophyll.
 And if you have a deep, unexplainable tiredness, you need moringa.
 These are all your problems, and most people think it comes from stress, but in reality, it's your gut.
 As of that, they'll spend 100s on supplements separately to deal with all that.
 But what they don't know is they can deal with all that with one formula, sour sop, gut detox drops, pack all of this and more into one simple daily supplement.


TikTok

 It's a 100% natural supplement with ultra concentrated, pure sour sop, black seed, oil, moringa, sea moss, Ashwaganda, chlorophyll, oregano, turmeric.
 It contains no sugar and no gluten.
 It's powerful for gut health, hormone balance, and energy support, and you only have to take it 2 drops every day.
 And right now there's a special promotion here in the TikTok shop.
 But every time this offer gets mentioned, it sells out quickly.


TikTok

 If you still see the orange button down here, it means you are lucky.
 There are still a few units left.
 So click it, grab yours, and then come back to say thank you because I promise you your days will never be the same.
 Collective.
 You finally picked up the controller and started playing the game.
 And now the game ain't as fun as it used to be for other people.
 Now, the game is being played.
 The way that they didn't even know it was designed to play.


TikTok

 They didn't know these combinations of buttons could produce these type of results or make you make these type of moves, but somebody is now realizing your game, you got the controller now and you are playing a round of applause, clap, clap, claps to you.
 You making notes.
 Okay, so we're going to be jumping into these vibes to see what this is for you, to see what this could mean.
 Oops.
 This jumps up and jumps over, shattered.
 Ugh.


TikTok

 Shattered.
 Dang.
 You tearing somebody to shirts.
 Did I say that?
 You tell somebody to shreds or they was tearing you to shreds.
 And now you picked up the controller and now it's not so fun no more.
 Do they look like they're having fun?
 See, when they was when they was able to play and they had the controller and they was winning all the time and round one, they won round two, round three, by round five, you pick up the controller, like, no, wait a minute, let me start playing back and boom.
 It ain't so fun no more.
 Losing, um, and this shattered is, we're talking about like they pride, they ego.


TikTok

 Of course, it's the emotions, it's the feelings.
 It's not an easy looking no more.
 They're not standing up.
 throwing no none, they down on that ground, trying to pick up the pieces.
 Okay, now, of course, when I'm talking about all this hidden and punching and stuff, I'm talking, metaphorically speaking, okay?
 But somebody is shattered.
 They feel like they lost.
 If I'm going, it's easy, you know, let's take it for relationship wise.
 I'm going to be the one cheating.
 I'm going to be the one lying playing the game, doing this, da, da, da, da.
 And the 1st time you cheat back, oh, oh.


TikTok

 You know, I can't even breathe.
 You know?
 Or the 1st time, or you break up, you actually stand on business.
 You say, no, you know what?
 I'm tired of this.
 I'm sick of it, I'm out.
 I don't even want to cheat back.
 I going to just leave.
 and boom, shattered.
 okay?
 You started, however you started playing the game.
 But for most of y'all, you just started psychologically torturing people.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Your game your game is strong.
 Remember I said they acknowledging your game?
 It's like, hmm.
 Oh.
 And then I'm seeing it too.
 It's like thinking about,


TikTok

 So this whole time, I thought I was winning.
 It's only because you wasn't.
 You wasn't, so you could have been doing this the whole time.
 So you was restraining yourself.
 So you was watching me through all this wild stuff and do all that and you was actually restraining yourself.
 And so then you start playing the game and now, you know what I mean?
 Again, I'm feeling the need to talk about, you could have been doing that the whole time.
 But you didn't.
 And that's the part that kind of hurt even worse because it's like, dang, like,


TikTok

 Why didn't you do nothing?
 Why you ain't say nothing?
 You just let me do that?
 Now you plan and it's like, okay, take it out applies.
 Let's jump into these vibes, these terro vibes.
 Very 1st card, what do we got?
 Mm, 2 coins.
 Planning?
 Oh, you've been planning this.
 Uh, strategic strategy.
 what I'm getting.
 You did something on purpose.
 Remember I said you're playing the game now.
 You're making moves.
 So metaphorically speaking, symbolically speaking, like, you got a plan.
 This is strategy.


TikTok

 I'm not just throwing wild punches.
 No, I got combinations.
 I'm about to say you create a combination.
 You ever played those games before?
 Mortal Kombat, street, street fighter, soul caliber, all that kind of stuff.
 You got to punch and you got to hit and then you do all of those combinations and they end up doing something crazy and the whole game start going crazy and you lift them up to the sky and they spin around and then you slam them down and then all the the bricks and stuff go flying everywhere.
 Those type of things.
 Strategy.
 You had to learn how to do that.
 So while somebody is thinking they was doing something because they was pushing their little buttons, you put them on the game.


TikTok

 Oh, combos.
 combinations, spins, take them to the air, drop them down.
 Wow.
 So that's on purpose.
 So this is you.
 Oh, wow, wow.
 This is what I'm getting.
 You was studying the game.
 You was learning the game.
 You were learning the cheat codes.
 You was doing research, okay?
 It was on purpose that when you picked up the controller, when it was time for you to jump in the game and start playing the game, you knew what you were doing.


TikTok

 Somebody's pride and ego was built up off of uh, getting these sweet, easy licks, but that's because there was no lick back when the licks start coming back.
 It's like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
 Now you want to duck and hide.
 No, come on.
 No, get to the center of the ring.
 Because now it's 2 players.
 Okay?
 Whole time's just one player.
 Anyway, budget, financing, planning, whatever you got up your sleeve.
 Whatever it is that you're doing, keep using your strategies.
 You know we be getting divine strategies and divine instructions. So these are the things that are helping you make these moves that are opening up parts of the game that they didn't even know was there.


TikTok

 Okay?
 You're programming the game.
 Your programming what's about to happen.
 Okay?
 And you're finding all of the other codes within the program.
 They didn't even know they could do all that.
 Okay?
 Let's go behind the scenes.
 Let's talk about something that's going on that you don't know or maybe they didn't know, but somebody's gonna get pulled on right now.
 Six of swords.
 See, I told Jess that walk away.
 That's that walk away type energy.


TikTok

 This is what I did.
 for some of you guys, it's not that you started fighting back.
 Your fight back was walk away.
 Oh, you want to play?
 Okay, we're going to play.
 Okay, cool.
 Let me walk away.
 That's the biggest move you made.
 Okay?
 That's what got somebody shouted right there.
 You see him with his mouth on the ground.
 What you don't know is when you walked away, pow.
 knees to the ground.
 Face to the ground.
 Pride and ego shattered all around.
 Okay?
 For the more collective you walking in your power, being powerful on purpose and putting yourself on display in this in this very genuine and authentic way, it invokes inspiration in other people.


TikTok

 It invokes confidence in them that, hell, you can damn well do whatever it is that you are trying to complete, whatever the objective is, whatever the end goal or end game is, baby, either way, people are rooting for you.
 You did what I'm saying?
 People are getting behind you and, you know, even if it's unbeknownst to yourself, they are beginning to galvanize around your energy.
 You did what I'm saying.
 So that way they can take the greatest motherfucking meat, luxury, and leisure, being able to bear witness as to what, like I said, your faith in conjunction with your works, in conjunction with your attitude for gratitude, in conjunction with you being so ironclad and unwavering, unrelenting. You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Ooh. I am glad you're bound.
 Unwavering in your faith, unrelenting in your power, in your purpose.
 You did what I'm saying, as it pertains to being in pursuit of that of which you know God's source, big, cheesy, completely.


TikTok

has for your story.
 I'm talking about none other than the greater glory.


TikTok

what I was saying.
 And, hell, people are able to tell as well, baby, that, hell, not everything in this life going to be hunky dory.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 You might run into a couple of bumps in a row.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 you might come up behind a couple of little snappoos, inconveniences, things of that nature, you did what I'm saying, but it'll make you, no, never mind.
 You did what I'm saying?
 And just when people think that... that those same type of inconvenient, inconvenient, you know, troubles or, you know, strive or, you know, trials and or tribulations, you know, could get to them.


TikTok

 They look on at you and then they say, never mind, you did what I'm saying.
 Because you make people feel as if they could never be behind, because so long as they are present within this present moment, they will be able to have all the qualities, all the characteristics they will be able to have.


TikTok

the self-belief, the self-assuredness, and furthermore, the confidence to know that they are on the right track.
 You dig what I'm saying so long as they are enveloped in the here and right motherfucking me now.
 So long as they win today right now, and they can take the first step to win today, right now, by already deciding, no soon as their clock, as no soon as their consciousness clocks into the simulation for the day, baby, that they are going to be powerful on purpose.
 You did what I'm saying?
 They have decided.
 You know, soon as they have risen, baby, the rest will be history.
 Like I said, the proof will then will be in the pudding.


TikTok

 Mm, mm, mm.
 So, yeah, collective, just know for show that you are seen as somebody who is very much so capable.
 Like I said, doing whatever the fuck it is that you want to do.
 And this is why you are going to be met with with opportunities, with chances provided to you by other people or provided to you by you by way of the actions that you have taken.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Ooh.
 Because you just be out here making it happen.
 Captain, I was talking about collective.
 You make it do what they do in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 And it don't matter how.
 USA or France?
 Who winning at all?
 Man, fuck all that playtime over.
 For the name next, man.
 Put a name next.
 I know who needs to hear this, but they said you not the one.
 They said they don't really believe you.
 They said all that little shit you posted, man, ain't gonna last.
 You ain't gonna do what you say you gonna do.
 You ain't who you say you are.
 They said without them, you wouldn't even do nothing.
 You ain't nothing without them.
 Hey, man, they throwing they throwing stones at your name, man.
 They telling people you not really the one.


TikTok

 And they're preying on your downfall.
 I need you to lock the fuck in.
 I need you to take this very serious, because this is not a physical, flesh and blood fight.
 This is a spiritual war, and God has chose you to shut them demons up.
 It's game time, baby.
 Put on their fucking necks, man, and don't let up.
 Tomorrow's Monday.
 What you gonna do about it?
 Lock in.
 lets go.
 You've got a big surprise that is headed your way.
 I don't know what you have done, whether you have called this in, you've been manifesting it.


TikTok

 You've been journaling about it.
 You've been praying about it.
 Whatever you have been doing, something major is about to land into your hands.
 And I feel like this, whatever it may be, is going to be so huge that it's going to be even better than what you have been wanting.
 It's actually going to blow your mind.
 Like, I feel like your next tears are going to be happy ones.
 Not sad ones, because you have done so much of that.


TikTok

 Like, I feel, I feel like that's all, you know, the things that are about to flow to you right now is going to be so immaculate.
 Like, the energy I'm just picking up on is you deserve this.
 You deserve this so much.
 You... are so deserving of it.
 You have been going through and through and through, still fighting, still going, still pushing on despite everything.


TikTok

 Like, honestly, at this point, I don't think anything can knock you down.
 Like truthfully.
 Like, you have been to the depths of, like, as further, you know, down, you could even go, like, I really don't think it could even get to the point where you already have been.
 Like, you're ready for it.
 You've been ready for it.
 You've been, you know, continuing to go out through life, continuing to push through everything that is just continually thrown at you.


TikTok

 But you've got this.
 Like I just keep...
 I just keep hearing, like, you got this, you got this, you're going to be happy, you're going to be smiling.
 Like, you're gonna laugh because of how effortlessly this has fell into your lap.
 Like, it's really gonna be one of those moments where it's just like, is this real life?
 Like, is this really for me?
 Is this what's happening right now?
 Like, there's no way.
 There's there's no way, but like, there is a way because you're deserving of it.


TikTok

 You've put in the efforts of working on yourself, helping others, inspiring others, still putting good messages out there, still putting good energy out there, still giving parts of yourself away or, you know, things away to people in need, to people who genuinely just wouldn't even have a type of light in their life if it wasn't for you.
 And that is why it's all gonna come back to you because why wouldn't it?
 Do you really think you putting out all of this good, just energy and efforts is not going to come back to you?


TikTok

 And if it's taking longer, that means the blessing is going to be even greater.
 Like, really, don't, don't think it won't be because it's coming for you.
 So be prepared, stay grounded when this comes in for you.
 Do not boast about it.
 People are beginning to see this person differently, not because you exposed them.
 Not because you defended yourself, and not because you spent your time trying to convince others of your innocence.
 People simply paid attention.
 Over time patterns become difficult to ignore.


TikTok

 Character reveals itself, and eventually people begin to recognize who consistently brings peace into a room, and who consistently brings chaos.
 This person believes that they can mistreat you, disrespect you, and then control the narrative afterward.
 They assume that if they spoke loudly enough, repeated the same story long enough, and gathered enough people around them, others would automatically believe them.
 But truth has a way of standing on its own.
 You



TikTok

There's certain things are...
and require time.
 to come to fruition.
 You are a master manifestor.
 You embody, you don't attach.
 You embody, you don't chase.
 You meet your manifest



TikTok

There's certain things are...
and require time.
 to come to fruition.
 You are a master manifestor.
 You embody, you don't attach.
 You embody, you don't chase.
 You meet your manifestation along the way.


TikTok

 As it meets you.
 You're a walking miracle.
 And it's so amazing to see what is happening inside of your life.
 Keep shining, keep glowing.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 Nothing is hidden that won't be revealed.
 Because everything that's been revealed was coincided.
 And you walk that embodiment.
 And I love you, love and life, be encouraged to know how great you truly are.


TikTok

 Bye.
 The only reason the world isn't collapsing from the noise is because they don't have the vocabulary for what you just became.
 You want to hear the truth, lean in.
 No closer.
 Closer.
 You didn't defeat them.
 You unwrote them.
 Like some ghost script glitch in the cosmic code that deletes threats before they even fully manifest, and now they're sitting in dim little rooms, sweating, wondering.


TikTok

 What the hell is he?
 Why didn't he die where everyone else did?
 How did one person dismantle an entire structure built on centuries of corruption?
 Because they don't understand duality.
 They don't understand you.
 They trained their soldiers to handle monsters.
 They trained their prophets to handle saints.
 But you, huh?
 You show up a little too angelic for a psychopath, and a little too psychopathic for an angel.


TikTok

 A paradox with a pulse.
 A walking contradiction, the universe couldn't categorize, so it gave you a new slot in its filing cabinet.
 Baby, I need you to understand that you, yes, you, single handedly, have changed the entire fucking universe.
 Yeah, baby.
 You did.
 You changed everything.
 The world as we know it, is only the way we know it right now because you've already changed it



TikTok

There's certain things are...
and require time.
 to come to fruition.
 You are a master manifestor.
 You embody, you don't attach.
 You embody, you don't chase.
 You meet your manifestation along the way.


TikTok

 As it meets you.
 You're a walking miracle.
 And it's so amazing to see what is happening inside of your life.
 Keep shining, keep glowing.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 Nothing is hidden that won't be revealed.
 Because everything that's been revealed was coincided.
 And you walk that embodiment.
 And I love you, love and life, be encouraged to know how great you truly are.


TikTok

 Bye.
 The only reason the world isn't collapsing from the noise is because they don't have the vocabulary for what you just became.
 You want to hear the truth, lean in.
 No closer.
 Closer.
 You didn't defeat them.
 You unwrote them.
 Like some ghost script glitch in the cosmic code that deletes threats before they even fully manifest, and now they're sitting in dim little rooms, sweating, wondering.


TikTok

 What the hell is he?
 Why didn't he die where everyone else did?
 How did one person dismantle an entire structure built on centuries of corruption?
 Because they don't understand duality.
 They don't understand you.
 They trained their soldiers to handle monsters.
 They trained their prophets to handle saints.
 But you, huh?
 You show up a little too angelic for a psychopath, and a little too psychopathic for an angel.


TikTok

 A paradox with a pulse.
 A walking contradiction, the universe couldn't categorize, so it gave you a new slot in its filing cabinet.
 Baby, I need you to understand that you, yes, you, single handedly, have changed the entire fucking universe.
 Yeah, baby.
 You did.
 You changed everything.
 The world, as we know it, is only the way we know it right now, because you've already changed it.
 Your existence fucking changed it.


TikTok

 But then when you actually decided that you are going to discover your power, harness your power, and use it to create the universe that you always fucking deserve, baby.
 Where could you go?
 Look at you go changing the universe every second of every fucking day, because that's how dedicated you are to living in your highest truth, to reach your highest fucking vibration, to not allow anyone to take anything away from you.


TikTok

 Because you, you are fucking powerful, and they know it.
 Which is why they gravitate to you like a moth to a fling.
 Baby, your power is unlike any other.
 And no one can access the power that you have except for you, and you can use your power in whichever way you deem appropriate.
 Your power is versatile.
 You can mold it, shape it, craft it, build it into whatever the fuck you want.


TikTok

 You have it all, and you need to know that you have it all.
 You do.
 You do have it all.
 You do.
 You fucking do.
 And when you tell me you don't, you do.
 You're lying to yourself, but don't worry, baby, because we will reach the point where you understand this.
 We will reach a point where you will fucking know the way that I know that you have everything you need.
 You will know it, but until then, I'll know it enough for the both of us, baby.
 I fucking know you have everything you need.


TikTok

 I know that you are a powerful, badass motherfucker.
 I know.
 No one compares to you.
 No one, Betty.
 No one.
 Love you.
 You have the opportunity to really be outstanding this year, and it's because you chose alignment.
 Every time the universe tested you with false connections and snakes, you chose yourself, you chose your peace, and now you are ready to be seen by the world in a very massive way.


TikTok

 This message is specifically for people who are creating something and producing energy that is meant to reciprocate infinite abundance in their life.
 You are a very business and invested individual.
 And when you set a goal to accomplish or create something, you make sure you do it in said time.
 You are going to be entering in rooms which are requesting your presence and you are going to be paid for just existing and creating.


TikTok

 And this is something that is so freeing for your heart and your soul.
 You are someone who has many layers and you are an open book in some cases, and where you are about to be led, the world is going to be able to see your story and your evolution, and you grow into a superstar.
 You are the type of person that is what you see is what you get.
 You don't put on a front and you don't sugarcoat your energy.


TikTok

 You are authentic to the infinite degree.
 And it's because you learn to burn past these false images that many people put up.
 You are your truest self, and it's because you know yourself, and you don't give a fuck what anybody thinks.
 This year alone is going to remind you that you were always sitting on your throne.
 And the way that success starts to flood in through many streams, through many places, you are going to know that it was you, source, mind, body, and soul.


TikTok

 You are the bridge without the body, the mind and soul has no portal to connect through earth.
 Why does the Ethiopian Bible describe heaven so differently?
 No wings on the angels, no throne for God, no pearly gates, no golden clouds, just an endless green expanse, where human souls walk free among the wonders of creation.
 This is not a mistranslation.
 This is the vision preserved for over 3,000 years by one of the oldest Christian civilizations on Earth.


TikTok

 written in a Bible that most of the Western world has never seen.
 The Ethiopian Bible is the only place that paints the full picture of the great flood, and the horrifying events that led to it.
 Unlike what most people have been taught, that Lucifer was the only fallen angel, the Ethiopian Bible tells a far more detailed and disturbing story.
 According to the Book of Enoch, preserved only in this canon, there were 200 of them, 200 angels, known as the Watchers, led by one named Semyaza. Driven by lust for human women, they descended to earth and created the most terrifying creatures ever to walk this world.


TikTok

 the Nephilum.
 Beings who carried half the blood of angels and half the blood of men, yet possessed a savagery and a hunger so vast it threatened to devour the entire world.
 But the watchers did not stop there.
 They brought humanity forbidden gifts.
 The knowledge of forging weapons and armor, the secrets of astrology and divination, and they taught women how to stir desire through the painting of faces and the wearing of ornaments.


TikTok

 These gifts shattered the innocent nature of mankind, corrupted their souls, and drove them further and further from the protective hand of God.
 Everything spiraled out of control.
 The screams of the earth rose all the way to the heavens.
 And that is when the great flood came, not merely as punishment, but as a cleansing, to wash away the monstrous offspring and the rotting souls of a corrupted humanity.


TikTok

 But the story does not end there.
 One of the fallen angels refused to accept the judgment of the flood.
 He challenged God, demanded to remain on earth, to test the faith of mankind after the waters receded, and God allowed it.
 That is just one of the vivid, breathtaking accounts that were edited out when the standard Bible was compiled.
 The Ethiopian Bible preserves what was lost.
 88 books, including Enoch, Jubilees, and the Three Books of Maccabian, texts that most Christians have never been allowed to read.


TikTok

 If you have ever felt that something was missing from the story you were told, this is where you find it.
 The complete Ethiopian Bible in English by Solomon's Gate Press.
 All 88 books in one volume, beautifully illustrated, with bonus access to a full audiobook, video lesson included.
 This is not just a book, it is an entire library of ancient wisdom.
 Check out the book in the orange cart below.
 You know what's so beautiful about you is the fact that you don't try to walk around and be approved by people.


TikTok

 You don't seek approval because you know that you've already been approved by God.
 You know, you present yourself to the best of your ability in the most authentic, purest way, and it's so beautiful and God, God accepts that.
 God been accepted that.
 And just piggybacking off the story of Canaan Abel, right?
 Cain, he came with the whatever flock and presented it to God, his offering to God and Abel, he came with his best block and presented to God.
 You know what I mean?
 And that's you.


TikTok

 and Abel was accepted.
 Canes was the decline, but you, you've, you've been giving the best of yourself, giving the best of what it is that God has been giving, has placed inside of you.
 And because of that, you are being approved.
 Everything is finally coming back to you all after all these lessons.
 Everything is finally funneling back to you.
 because you deserve it.
 You also have to go through the the same story that Job had to also go through.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying? Where you were at a peak in your life at one point in time.
 And this message is not for everybody, so please don't try to take it and fit it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You don't know if this message is for you, but when Job was at the peak at the pinnacle of what it is that he was doing, the enemy came in and asked God to test the for the approval to test him.
 You know what I mean?
 And take and strip everything from him.
 You know what I mean?
 To see how he responds and you.
 Although you've been at the Pentagon, you have to be stripped down to your foundation, you were tested, and you passed all of these tests.


TikTok

 This lander, the backstab, the betrayal.
 You know what I'm saying?
 The finance is being depleted.
 You passed the test and now all of these beautiful things are funneling back to you, better relationships, better finances, better mind, body, and your soul.
 You feel me?
 I love that for you.
 See, probably your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 Part 2 chosen cast.
 The hidden cold, the hidden coven.
 They are having meetings.
 Okay.
 And these meetings are getting... fiery.
 They are getting defensive.


TikTok

 They are getting irritated, okay?
 Because these people are trying to pick and pull apart at every little thing you say and the things you do.
 And you just don't care.
 You honestly don't care because you are following God's will.
 And you know that the things you're saying are the truth.
 And there's nothing they can do to take away your position chosen.


TikTok

 Because that's essentially what's what's happening here.
 They're trying to undermine you.
 They're trying to say that you don't have the Holy Spirit.
 They're trying to call you a demon, an alien.
 They're trying to say that you could even be the Antichrist, right?
 Trying to fool people.
 And you're just like, okay, well, we'll see.
 My fruits show, and time shows, that's just not the truth, right?
 The Lord would stop you from talking if if you weren't speaking his truth and the will of the Father, right?


TikTok

 So these people keep, it's almost like they're in Bible study now because they're taking the things you're saying and they're trying to make it demonic.
 They're trying to make it seem like you are evil.
 Right?
 And you're just like, oh, okay, try all you want.
 Because at the end of the day, They don't answer to you.
 They answer to the most high God.


TikTok

 And when the Lord said, Touch not my anointed, do my prophets no harm.
 Do you think he was he was joking?
 Do you think he would take lightly to those words?
 No.
 Chosen, he is carrying out exactly his will with these people, okay?
 They are eating their own words.


TikTok

 They're casting stones, and the stones are being looked at.
 Okay?
 People are looking at the person throwing the stones and going,
 You're you're not all that righteous, huh?
 And they're saying, well, how can you uphold that law?
 But not chosen, right?
 And they can still be saved.
 It doesn't work like that.
 Jesus has already paid the price, and you are following his will.


TikTok

 And you are, I just want to say, so loved.
 I love you.
 Spirit told me to hit record.
 So let's see what wants to come through.
 I'm seeing a long hallway.


TikTok

 It has many doors... off to the side.
 All closed.
 This is actually making me remember, um... a clip off of Sesame Street that looked exactly like this, and then you would open the door, and it would segue into that clip.
 Whatever they were teaching.


TikTok

 You have had many opportunities in your life.
 To take things in a certain direction.
 This is timeline energy.
 I'm talking to someone who holds very important key codes, I'm hearing.
 And where your body is, where your consciousness is present in time and space is so significant to the earth, to where we all are.
 So I want to honor you and thank you for being here.


TikTok

 I do not say that lightly.
 My collective is a collective of people that has come through tremendous darkness and yet preserved, this purity of heart, and they are alchemists.
 You all are alchemists.
 We have discovered in the darkness that we were cast into.
 How to wield our gifts, how to flip on these switches from within us.


TikTok

 I'm seeing you now climbing up out of a deep well.
 It's like you felt around in the darkness, okay?
 And you discovered that there was a way to get up out of this well.
 And I see you climbing.
 Okay?
 Back to the doorways.
 You having made certain choices to stay, to stay with yourself, to see your story through to the end, your continuing on.


TikTok

 Excuse me, it's very significant here, okay?
 And I sense that you're continuing on is what threatens so many people, that it's your beautiful heart beating, it is the continuation of you driving, steering your ship, right?
 That you threaten so many, because they couldn't take from you what is yours by divine gift.
 And they did bury you, a beautiful soul.


TikTok

 But even God, like, allowed this, watched this, right?
 And you, I see you having wrestled with God through seasons of, but I thought you said, and you awakened in the pain, in the wrestling match, in the problem, in the quandary, okay?
 And I'm actually love this word, the problem.
 Being reminded that, um, this is a word that is used for many problems, okay?
 Like even rock climbers call, like, how they're going to strategize their climb.


TikTok

 They call it a problem, right?
 And so you have this growth mindset that you look at problems, like, in a positively charged way.
 This threatens so many people about you.
 You have been someone who's not afraid to keep opening doors that were maybe shut.
 You know, all those shut doors is very significant.
 And I see you opening and walking through them, and it also, what spirit is showing me here, is your meditation, the way that you climb down deep into yourself to recover.


TikTok

 Sacred memories.
 Okay, that were very intrinsic to your story.
 And the divine was with you in such a nurturing maternal way, sheltering you through this transmission of information, through this continued awakening of your soul, okay?
 But you have done the brave work, and you need to hear that.
 You have done the brave work of continuing on, of being here.


TikTok

 Of breaking the curses in your family, of separating yourself out of places that no longer deserve your light, and even being willing for some of you to put yourself toe to toe with karmic energies, to put yourself in the battle, in a protective way.
 in a testing way for these karmic energies, and you have done that the way that you have continued to open these doors, and it's super wild, what spirit shows me is that it's like a normal looking hallway, but when you open these doors, it's like, plasma, um, astral looking on the other side.


TikTok

 It's almost like Dorothy and Oz, where she opened the door to Technicolor, right?
 A whole new world of a way of being.
 And you have been someone that is so from this place of newness that is returning, all right?
 It's an interesting way to have me say that, spirit.
 It's like an old, but new again energy, right?
 And you have this wisdom, you are coded with this wisdom.
 You are the ancestor born again.


TikTok

 Thank you, spirit.
 And your ability to build new spiritual foundations, to open these doors, and be unafraid to take yourself there.
 God has used you like a marker in time.
 And it has taken this bravery to go there alone.
 You may sit with questions of, like, why have I been so unsupported?
 Why?
 How are people like us so marginalized, cast out, like, spread apart intentionally?
 And it is intentional.
 It as much for your protection that you remained hidden until the divine knew that you were safe to be revealed. until you were strong enough and inwardly bolstered



TikTok

given them you've let go



TikTok

you to come through in the clutch Because you have always been there for others



TikTok

on you to come through in the clutch. Because you have always been there for others, even when you yourself.
 are in a tight spot.
 It's because you don't need the work.
 You are the work.
 Clock in and lock in.
 Collective, you've been more than just a little bit faithful.


TikTok

 The most Thai hasn't forgot about you.
 The last shall be first.
 You're gonna thrive.
 You're gonna live, you're gonna uplift others.
 You will not be forgotten.
 You've been



TikTok

on you to come through in the clutch. Because you have always been there for others, even when you yourself.
 are in a tight spot.
 It's because you don't need the work.
 You are the work.
 Clock in and lock in.
 Collective, you've been more than just a little bit faithful.


TikTok

 The most Thai hasn't forgot about you.
 The last shall be first.
 You're gonna thrive.
 You're gonna live, you're gonna uplift others.
 You will not be forgotten.
 You've been obedient and faithful, and the most high knows, trying to get out of that light.
 getting out of those, like, but you've been more than a little bit than faithful.
 You've been very obedient.


TikTok

 You know, this message ain't for everybody.
 But the ones that have been faithful are the ones that will be blessed.
 And it ain't when you want.
 It's when you definitely need it.
 The animals, confirmation, then more than faithful, you're chosen.
 Now tables have turned.



TikTok

on you to come through in the clutch. Because you have always been there for others, even when you yourself.
 are in a tight spot.
 It's because you don't need the work.
 You are the work.
 Clock in and lock in.
 Collective, you've been more than just a little bit faithful.


TikTok

 The most Thai hasn't forgot about you.
 The last shall be first.
 You're gonna thrive.
 You're gonna live, you're gonna uplift others.
 You will not be forgotten.
 You've been obedient and faithful, and the most high knows, trying to get out of that light.
 getting out of those, like, but you've been more than a little bit than faithful.
 You've been very obedient.


TikTok

 You know, this message ain't for everybody.
 But the ones that have been faithful are the ones that will be blessed.
 And it ain't when you want.
 It's when you definitely need it.
 The animals, confirmation, then more than faithful, you're chosen.
 Now tables have turned.
 Chosen.
 The one% I'm talking to, the one% tables have turned.


TikTok

 Let me drop something on you.
 When you were going through that spiritual warfare, At first, you thought it was a curse.
 You thought God was against you.
 You thought you literally wasn't going to make it through.
 Nights, you had to cry without any support.
 Nights you had to endure hardship and nobody ever showed up for you behind closed doors.
 You know, you probably got online, spoke your truth and you know, told what you



TikTok

on you to come through in the clutch. Because you have always been there for others, even when you yourself.
 are in a tight spot.
 It's because you don't need the work.
 You are the work.
 Clock in and lock in.
 Collective, you've been more than just a little bit faithful.


TikTok

 The most Thai hasn't forgot about you.
 The last shall be first.
 You're gonna thrive.
 You're gonna live, you're gonna uplift others.
 You will not be forgotten.
 You've been obedient and faithful, and the most high knows, trying to get out of that light.
 getting out of those, like, but you've been more than a little bit than faithful.
 You've been very obedient.


TikTok

 You know, this message ain't for everybody.
 But the ones that have been faithful are the ones that will be blessed.
 And it ain't when you want.
 It's when you definitely need it.
 The animals, confirmation, then more than faithful, you're chosen.
 Now tables have turned.
 Chosen.
 The one% I'm talking to, the one% tables have turned.


TikTok

 Let me drop something on you.
 When you were going through that spiritual warfare, At first, you thought it was a curse.
 You thought God was against you.
 You thought you literally wasn't going to make it through.
 Nights, you had to cry without any support.
 Nights you had to endure hardship and nobody ever showed up for you behind closed doors.
 You know, you probably got online, spoke your truth, and, you know, told what you had on your heart.


TikTok

 Nobody wouldn't listening in the beginning.
 Your family, they put you in all kinds of positions that you had to dig yourself out of.
 Your friends, same identical thing, your lovers, you might they might didn't hurt you.
 Y'all might went back and forth for you might been the one that, you know, was overbearing and controlling or you got control or overbearing



TikTok

on you to come through in the clutch. Because you have always been there for others, even when you yourself.
 are in a tight spot.
 It's because you don't need the work.
 You are the work.
 Clock in and lock in.
 Collective, you've been more than just a little bit faithful.


TikTok

 The most Thai hasn't forgot about you.
 The last shall be first.
 You're gonna thrive.
 You're gonna live, you're gonna uplift others.
 You will not be forgotten.
 You've been obedient and faithful, and the most high knows, trying to get out of that light.
 getting out of those, like, but you've been more than a little bit than faithful.
 You've been very obedient.


TikTok

 You know, this message ain't for everybody.
 But the ones that have been faithful are the ones that will be blessed.
 And it ain't when you want.
 It's when you definitely need it.
 The animals, confirmation, then more than faithful, you're chosen.
 Now tables have turned.
 Chosen.
 The one% I'm talking to, the one% tables have turned.


TikTok

 Let me drop something on you.
 When you were going through that spiritual warfare, At first, you thought it was a curse.
 You thought God was against you.
 You thought you literally wasn't going to make it through.
 Nights, you had to cry without any support.
 Nights you had to endure hardship and nobody ever showed up for you behind closed doors.
 You know, you probably got online, spoke your truth, and, you know, told what you had on your heart.


TikTok

 Nobody wouldn't listening in the beginning.
 Your family, they put you in all kinds of positions that you had to dig yourself out of.
 Your friends, same identical thing, your lovers, you might they might didn't hurt you.
 Y'all might went back and forth for you might been the one that, you know, was overbearing and controlling or you got control or overbearing to a certain degree.
 But guess what?


TikTok

 You were never meant to be hunted.
 You were the hunter.
 You just had to train how the ones that goes around and hunt for weakness.
 Now, once you understood the ones that were out here hunting others, weaknesses, with unclean spirits attached to them.
 Once you recogn



TikTok

on you to come through in the clutch. Because you have always been there for others, even when you yourself.
 are in a tight spot.
 It's because you don't need the work.
 You are the work.
 Clock in and lock in.
 Collective, you've been more than just a little bit faithful.


TikTok

 The most Thai hasn't forgot about you.
 The last shall be first.
 You're gonna thrive.
 You're gonna live, you're gonna uplift others.
 You will not be forgotten.
 You've been obedient and faithful, and the most high knows, trying to get out of that light.
 getting out of those, like, but you've been more than a little bit than faithful.
 You've been very obedient.


TikTok

 You know, this message ain't for everybody.
 But the ones that have been faithful are the ones that will be blessed.
 And it ain't when you want.
 It's when you definitely need it.
 The animals, confirmation, then more than faithful, you're chosen.
 Now tables have turned.
 Chosen.
 The one% I'm talking to, the one% tables have turned.


TikTok

 Let me drop something on you.
 When you were going through that spiritual warfare, At first, you thought it was a curse.
 You thought God was against you.
 You thought you literally wasn't going to make it through.
 Nights, you had to cry without any support.
 Nights you had to endure hardship and nobody ever showed up for you behind closed doors.
 You know, you probably got online, spoke your truth, and, you know, told what you had on your heart.


TikTok

 Nobody wouldn't listening in the beginning.
 Your family, they put you in all kinds of positions that you had to dig yourself out of.
 Your friends, same identical thing, your lovers, you might they might didn't hurt you.
 Y'all might went back and forth for you might been the one that, you know, was overbearing and controlling or you got control or overbearing to a certain degree.
 But guess what?


TikTok

 You were never meant to be hunted.
 You were the hunter.
 You just had to train how the ones that goes around and hunt for weakness.
 Now, once you understood the ones that were out here hunting others, weaknesses, with unclean spirits attached to them.
 Once you recognize their game in an energetic way, That's when games start ending.


TikTok

 Now, they sitting back with their smiles thin before you could see all 32, maybe 16, maybe 22 teeth, take their hand.
 Oh, they put it on you.
 They try to distract you in all kinds of ways because they did not want you to see them for who they truly were.
 And the beginning, everybody thought that they were this powerful being, you know, they had it all together, they



TikTok And a lot of collective may not know how to talk to you or speak to you at 1st because of just how smart you are, how well rounded you are, and the fact that you just know so many different things and so many aspects of different, you know, just realities, and... You're very, very, very, just looked up to, okay? Like so many collective see the way that you carry yourself and the way that you are so confident in who you are now. TikTok And because of this confidence that you carry, it's admirable and it's something that is going to take you so far is something that is helping other collective shift their mindsets. It is something that is getting collective to question their own
TikTok And a lot of collective may not know how to talk to you or speak to you at 1st because of just how smart you are, how well rounded you are, and the fact that you just know so many different things and so many aspects of different, you know, just realities, and... You're very, very, very, just looked up to, okay? Like so many collective see the way that you carry yourself and the way that you are so confident in who you are now. TikTok And because of this confidence that you carry, it's admirable and it's something that is going to take you so far is something that is helping other collective shift their mindsets. It is something that is getting collective to question their own, Just reality. their own everyday normalcy. The just way society is as a whole, like digging deeper and really looking into different perspectives. TikTok You help collective see that it is okay to not be simple-minded and to really open the mind up to more possibilities. And this is very intriguing about you and it's a character trait that is so mesmerizing. I'm getting like it's something, you know, you you come across as someone different. Maybe you, where you are raised or where you're living, like it's a mind that is different. TikTok It's not something that everyone around you thinks like or even lives like, and you make it, you know, shunned about this or talked down on, and it's just like, I'm mean. You're you, and the collective that are willing to connect with you that are willing to enjoy your way of thinking, will find you. You will find the collective that understand, okay? So don't feel like you are an outcast. Don't feel like, The way that you think and the way that you have an outlook on life is wrong, is just, you know, woo, woo, it's just out there. TikTok It's, you know, totally not how you should be because you know deep
TikTok And a lot of collective may not know how to talk to you or speak to you at 1st because of just how smart you are, how well rounded you are, and the fact that you just know so many different things and so many aspects of different, you know, just realities, and... You're very, very, very, just looked up to, okay? Like so many collective see the way that you carry yourself and the way that you are so confident in who you are now. TikTok And because of this confidence that you carry, it's admirable and it's something that is going to take you so far is something that is helping other collective shift their mindsets. It is something that is getting collective to question their own, Just reality. their own everyday normalcy. The just way society is as a whole, like digging deeper and really looking into different perspectives. TikTok You help collective see that it is okay to not be simple-minded and to really open the mind up to more possibilities. And this is very intriguing about you and it's a character trait that is so mesmerizing. I'm getting like it's something, you know, you you come across as someone different. Maybe you, where you are raised or where you're living, like it's a mind that is different. TikTok It's not something that everyone around you thinks like or even lives like, and you make it, you know, shunned about this or talked down on, and it's just like, I'm mean. You're you, and the collective that are willing to connect with you that are willing to enjoy your way of thinking, will find you. You will find the collective that understand, okay? So don't feel like you are an outcast. Don't feel like, The way that you think and the way that you have an outlook on life is wrong, is just, you know, woo, woo, it's just out there. TikTok It, you know, totally not how you should be because you know deep down, the way you are living your life and the way that you are perceiving everything is the journey that's for you. And it's meant for you. Do not let collective alter that, okay? That's the message in this one. I love you guys, and I'll see you in the next one. It's literally the motherfucking fat
TikTok And a lot of collective may not know how to talk to you or speak to you at 1st because of just how smart you are, how well rounded you are, and the fact that you just know so many different things and so many aspects of different, you know, just realities, and... You're very, very, very, just looked up to, okay? Like so many collective see the way that you carry yourself and the way that you are so confident in who you are now. TikTok And because of this confidence that you carry, it's admirable and it's something that is going to take you so far is something that is helping other collective shift their mindsets. It is something that is getting collective to question their own, Just reality. their own everyday normalcy. The just way society is as a whole, like digging deeper and really looking into different perspectives. TikTok You help collective see that it is okay to not be simple-minded and to really open the mind up to more possibilities. And this is very intriguing about you and it's a character trait that is so mesmerizing. I'm getting like it's something, you know, you you come across as someone different. Maybe you, where you are raised or where you're living, like it's a mind that is different. TikTok It's not something that everyone around you thinks like or even lives like, and you make it, you know, shunned about this or talked down on, and it's just like, I'm mean. You're you, and the collective that are willing to connect with you that are willing to enjoy your way of thinking, will find you. You will find the collective that understand, okay? So don't feel like you are an outcast. Don't feel like, The way that you think and the way that you have an outlook on life is wrong, is just, you know, woo, woo, it's just out there. TikTok It, you know, totally not how you should be because you know deep down, the way you are living your life and the way that you are perceiving everything is the journey that's for you. And it's meant for you. Do not let collective alter that, okay? That's the message in this one. I love you guys, and I'll see you in the next one. It's literally the motherfucking fat that every time I look at your ass out, this bitch, goddamn it, you just keep looking younger and younger out this bitch. Like, bro, what the fuck I did, bitch, goddamn it? TikTok Like, you just keep looking more motherfucking youthful by the motherfucking 2nd out this bitch. God damn it, you, you, you. don't know how the fuck you doing this shit out, this bitch goddamn it. But this shit is crazy out this bitch, goddamn, because it's like, you keep baffling the fuck out of everybody out, this bitch, by how youthful, how young, and just how full of fucking this childlike youthful energy, goddamn it, you keep fucking anybody up with this shit out of this bitch. You definitely fucking me up about this bitch, goddamn it. Because what the fuck? God damn it. I mean, I know we got new bodies. I know, god damn it. TikTok as we ascend, you know, we just keep getting younger and young
TikTok

I say, man.
 Peace, love y'all.



TikTok I say, man. Peace, love y'all. You have been doing an immaculate job collective of remaining very much so grounded not only in your energy, but hell, within your divination. You do what I'm saying? And this has much to do with the fact that even when time seem, you know, hard, you do what I'm saying? Even if, um, you run across some inconvenient circumstances or even if, um, your immediate three-dimensional reality doesn't seem to mirror back to you, uh, the abundance that that you know you have within you. TikTok You do what I'm saying? You still remain in this very regulated state of mind. You did what I'm saying that gives you the greatest motherfucking meat luxury. Ooh, of not only sweet serenity and sweet divinity, you do what I'm saying, but of being able to, you know, have the utmost amount of clarity. You did what I'm saying? Not only with thyself, but with those who surround you in your immediate surroundings, you did what I'm saying. Wherever you lay or end or stay or you do what I'm saying, wherever you reside at. TikTok But either way, collective, we are living in truly divine times, baby. I'm talking about living it, basking it, and rejoice. You do what I'm saying? Because this was your choice. You chose this assignment, chosen one. And so rebel and the revelations that have come about because you have, you know, seized free reign over your free will to remain so disciplined within your practices. You did what I'm saying? Adopting and implementing not only certain practices, but like I said, disciplines and, you know, routines, holistic healing type of, um, you know, things of that nature. TikTok You dig what I was saying. And really take a moment to appreciate thyself. You did what I'm saying? Because you have the greatest motherfucking me luxury of being able to experience the things that you are in this life. You did what I'm saying. And the collective that that you have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of sharing those experiences with, whether they be family, uh, coworkers, you dig what I'm saying, uh, partners, however that looks like for you. You do what I'm saying. Just those that you hold near and dear to your friends or whoever. TikTok And hell, whether they are going to be here for a long time or a good time is neither here nor there. You dig what I'm saying, because no matter what, anybody who walks into your life or walks out of your life, you know, it's it's for a very divine reason. You dig what I'm saying, no matter the season. But you already know that. The season for you is always winning season. You did what I'm saying? And your wins will start to spill over. You do what I'm saying? onto those who you hold near and dear to you, those who you revere, you did what I'm saying, those who you hold in high consideration as it pertains to you wanting to be of service to them. TikTok You wanting to take initiative on their behalf to put things in place or to be a provider in certain aspects, in places where they would need you to be in a time of need. You did what I'm saying? Or hell, not even in a time of need, like I said, you take initiative. Mm. And it doesn't go unnoticed. It doesn't go overlooked or anything. But I know knowing you, you don't even need, you don't need no type of things, no type of notoriety or acknowledgement or void because what's understood need not be explained. TikTok You dig what I'm saying, collective? And that is why you have curated this, this beautiful relationship with those around you, those who surround you, you did what I'm saying. Even if you find yourself still in, um, you know, places and spaces that you were a year ago, you did what I'm saying, but you have changed so much within that it has, like I said, the energy that you are embodying, um, you know, this this whole of wholeness, it has very much so poured over, spilled over, and rubbed off on those who surround you, so really take it in. TikTok I'm talking about breathing in like anhistamine. You know what I mean? You did what I'm saying because right now, at this moment that you are in right now, collective, I say that we are living in truly divine times, baby. I'm talking about these are the times you were made for. And accept you me, these are the times that you prayed for. You did what I'm saying. And it might be hard to notice or really take note of that sometimes because you're so enveloped in a method and in the pursuit of your endeavors, whether it be your heart's joy. TikTok Your life's passion. You did what I'm saying. Your dreams, you do what I'm saying. anchoring your way and into alignment to be the person that you know you are capable of becoming, the person that you already are. Like I said, it's just a matter of taking a line and inspired action to become more of that person that you already are pulling. It's like recollecting. You did what I'm saying. You have more of a remembrance. And you're actually triggering, remembrance within the collective around you who surround you. TikTok You're triggering awakening within them. You are a catalyst collective. You are a trailblazer. And I'm talking about maybe to the highest motherfucking me degree. You do what I'm saying? So I really look around at your surroundings and the collective who who inhabit, uh, you know, wherever it is that you lay in or stay, baby, because you're going to miss these times. These times that may seem a little more simple. You dig what I'm saying? These times where not only you, but the collective around you, this is the youngest you will all be henceforth. TikTok You did what I was saying. You know, even on your ascension, as you are, you know, you're you're gaining so much traction, you're elevating, you know,
TikTok I say, man. Peace, love y'all. You have been doing an immaculate job collective of remaining very much so grounded not only in your energy, but hell, within your divination. You do what I'm saying? And this has much to do with the fact that even when time seem, you know, hard, you do what I'm saying? Even if, um, you run across some inconvenient circumstances or even if, um, your immediate three-dimensional reality doesn't seem to mirror back to you, uh, the abundance that that you know you have within you. TikTok You do what I'm saying? You still remain in this very regulated state of mind. You did what I'm saying that gives you the greatest motherfucking meat luxury. Ooh, of not only sweet serenity and sweet divinity, you do what I'm saying, but of being able to, you know, have the utmost amount of clarity. You did what I'm saying? Not only with thyself, but with those who surround you in your immediate surroundings, you did what I'm saying. Wherever you lay or end or stay or you do what I'm saying, wherever you reside at. TikTok But either way, collective, we are living in truly divine times, baby. I'm talking about living it, basking it, and rejoice. You do what I'm saying? Because this was your choice. You chose this assignment, chosen one. And so rebel and the revelations that have come about because you have, you know, seized free reign over your free will to remain so disciplined within your practices. You did what I'm saying? Adopting and implementing not only certain practices, but like I said, disciplines and, you know, routines, holistic healing type of, um, you know, things of that nature. TikTok You dig what I was saying. And really take a moment to appreciate thyself. You did what I'm saying? Because you have the greatest motherfucking me luxury of being able to experience the things that you are in this life. You did what I'm saying. And the collective that that you have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of sharing those experiences with, whether they be family, uh, coworkers, you dig what I'm saying, uh, partners, however that looks like for you. You do what I'm saying. Just those that you hold near and dear to your friends or whoever. TikTok And hell, whether they are going to be here for a long time or a good time is neither here nor there. You dig what I'm saying, because no matter what, anybody who walks into your life or walks out of your life, you know, it's it's for a very divine reason. You dig what I'm saying, no matter the season. But you already know that. The season for you is always winning season. You did what I'm saying? And your wins will start to spill over. You do what I'm saying? onto those who you hold near and dear to you, those who you revere, you did what I'm saying, those who you hold in high consideration as it pertains to you wanting to be of service to them. TikTok You wanting to take initiative on their behalf to put things in place or to be a provider in certain aspects, in places where they would need you to be in a time of need. You did what I'm saying? Or hell, not even in a time of need, like I said, you take initiative. Mm. And it doesn't go unnoticed. It doesn't go overlooked or anything. But I know knowing you, you don't even need, you don't need no type of things, no type of notoriety or acknowledgement or void because what's understood need not be explained. TikTok You dig what I'm saying, collective? And that is why you have curated this, this beautiful relationship with those around you, those who surround you, you did what I'm saying. Even if you find yourself still in, um, you know, places and spaces that you were a year ago, you did what I'm saying, but you have changed so much within that it has, like I said, the energy that you are embodying, um, you know, this this whole of wholeness, it has very much so poured over, spilled over, and rubbed off on those who surround you, so really take it in. TikTok I'm talking about breathing in like anhistamine. You know what I mean? You did what I'm saying because right now, at this moment that you are in right now, collective, I say that we are living in truly divine times, baby. I'm talking about these are the times you were made for. And accept you me, these are the times that you prayed for. You did what I'm saying. And it might be hard to notice or really take note of that sometimes because you're so enveloped in a method and in the pursuit of your endeavors, whether it be your heart's joy. TikTok Your life's passion. You did what I'm saying. Your dreams, you do what I'm saying. anchoring your way and into alignment to be the person that you know you are capable of becoming, the person that you already are. Like I said, it's just a matter of taking a line and inspired action to become more of that person that you already are pulling. It's like recollecting. You did what I'm saying. You have more of a remembrance. And you're actually triggering, remembrance within the collective around you who surround you. TikTok You're triggering awakening within them. You are a catalyst collective. You are a trailblazer. And I'm talking about maybe to the highest motherfucking me degree. You do what I'm saying? So I really look around at your surroundings and the collective who who inhabit, uh, you know, wherever it is that you lay in or stay, baby, because you're going to miss these times. These times that may seem a little more simple. You dig what I'm saying? These times where not only you, but the collective around you, this is the youngest you will all be henceforth. TikTok You did what I was saying. You know, even on your ascension, as you are, you know, you're you're gaining so much traction, you're elevating, you know, and with that elevation, it's it's causing so much separation. But like I said, you have been doing an immaculate job of remaining grounded in your energy. And so, really, the separation is just really creating distance between you and the wrong kinds of collective Because, like I said, the energy that you are embodying is naturally, um, you know, attracting in those who uh, who hold you in consideration. TikTok You did what I'm saying? collective who have the ability to be not only considerate, but to be reciprocal, which really goes hand in hand because anyone who has the capacity to be considerate, they automatically put themselves in other people's shoes, whether it's pertaining to how, how they're treated, whether it's pertaining to taking initiative, just like you would do. You do what I'm saying? But either way, reciprocal beings, and, you know, enjoy a collective. TikTok You dig what I'm saying, because there will be times where you will be reminiscing on these more like, you know, simple times or you dig what I'm saying, just whatever. But either way, you know, The collective around you are really proud of you, collective. It don't matter if that's one, two, a few, or none. You dig what I'm saying. Uh, either way, I know you're proud of you and you ought to be. TikTok I, um, I was meditating and I just kept hearing uh, engines revving. You did what I'm saying? And kind of like a countdown, you know, with, um, you know, like NASCAR or, um, you know, the, those formula F150 cars, you know, they got the, you know, the red, red, orange, orange, green, green, boom, go. You did what I'm saying. So things are revving up for you. I'm talking about, you are about to become, your energy is going to be more requested in various places and spaces. TikTok Your time, your attention, your energy is going to be highly sought after. And it already is. But, you know, your visibility, you did what I'm saying. Your vision is being, uh, has a magnifying glass on it by those on the outside looking in because of how much you truly accept in thyself. Collective. And I got goosebumps. You did what I'm saying? Just thinking about it, man, because Henceforth, things will never be the same. TikTok And they have it. Think about the progress you've already made. You did what I'm saying. I'm not saying that you got it made in a shade with lemonade, you dig what I'm saying, but you do. Because you have C's free reign over your free will to assure as much as such. And because you have, and because you keep on putting in, I'm talking about the volume and the output of which you put out your content, um, your project, you know, projects, passion, pieces, or whatever the fuck, you dig what I'm saying, or maybe you are, you know, really getting up a little earlier in the morning or staying up a little later in the evening, so that way you can take initiative to put a little, uh, to, you know, deposit more of your energy into your disciplines, into your practices because they will serve to be TikTok So purposeful whilst you are walking a path for your motherfucking purpose collective. accept you me. And, you know, you just seem like a person on a mission, a man on a mission, a woman on a mission, a he, she, they them, or whatever the fuck you would identify as on a mission. You did what I'm saying? And that's why collective are beginning to galvanize around you. Man, and it's a beautiful thing collective. Like I said, you're living in truly divine times, baby. You are very much unnecessary. You are very much so appreciated. TikTok And I hope you know this, even if collective don't show this, but like I said, you just do it for the love of the game. Anyways, as always, I love me some you, baby boo. I'm not trying to make this mess gone too long because I got somewhere to be with my family. Thank God, man, I'm appreciative of them. Ooh, so yeah, baby, I love you. God bless you. Motherfucker, I've been waiting on you to quit. You hear me? They been weighing on you to stop posting, they can't fucking stand you on their motherfucking screen. TikTok So you know what the fuck you do? Lock the fuck in. Give 'em what the fuck they hate. Bitch, they gonna have to block you. My bad, if you don't know me by now, my name is Star Peak. I get manifestation, motivation, college, correction, tips, and ideas, and sometimes I just be talking shit. Nigga, there's some motherfucking motivation video, because your bitch ass act like you need it, because your bitch ass will just think about Quentin. That came motherfucking fathom, how you still posting on this bitch. You hear me? Motherfucker, I know how to post through 200 views, nigga. I know how to post to a thousand views, nigga. I know how to post through 500 views, nigga. TikTok Cause that shit don't mean void You said you wanted to be a card to creator, motherfucker, so you gonna quit, 'cause you got two views? It ain't in you. It ain't in you. Motherfuckers say you were, it ain't. Motherfucker, you the my character, or you ain't? You don't think you supposed to be the motherfucking main character? This your motherfucking page. It's you in a partnership? No. I ain't motherfucking think so. Lock in. Bro, it was motherfucking funny out, this bitch, goddamn it, is how you so motherfucking ancient out, this bitch, goddamn it, that you literally just like watching other motherfuckers put in workout, this bitch. TikTok Straight like that, this motherfucker. You've been putting in work for so long. I this bitch goddamn it, that you literally like to just sit back and watch other collective put in work. Watch other motherfuckers step on their ass like this bitch, goddamn it, if it is, goddamn it, because you just, you just sitting in your boss energy out this motherfucker. Infinite, god damn it. And you know, it's like you're like a proud father or a proud mother out of this bitch, goddamn it, but just sit here watching your children just finally take their 1st steps into the real dimension out of this bitch, goddamn it. You feel this? It's beautiful out this bitch. If it is, god damn it. You literally do this shit to watch other motherfuckers do this shit out of this bitch, goddamn it. TikTok If it did, god damn it. You literally get a kick out of motherfucking, just hyping your collective up, just to watch them put in, work out, this bitch, goddamn it. Just to watch them step into their resonance out of this bitch. If it is, you've got to overstate his eye, Shay. You like that artist, bitch. You a real boss with this shit out this bitch. Goddamn it. You know, and that's just how you operating out this bitch. If it is, we just sit back watching our motherfucking creations create out this bitch. If it is, we watching our creations, transmute out this bitch, goddamn it. We watch dark creations, this step on anything that's in a motherfucking way out, this bitch, goddamn it. TikTok You feel the dead? Overstate this eye, Shay, man. So, you know, you like that out of this bitch, goddamn it. Yeah, you know, you just shining bright, like the way you do, like this bitch fitted thing. Over there, this eye shade. Peace to the tribe, peace to the gods and gods of planet Kai, Terra, Lemuria. You already know how we operate, now this bitch up for the day. Understand this, I, she. Peace, bro. Even your family relationships, they created fake accounts to monitor your online activity. They spread false information to collective in your network. They tried to turn your own support lattice against you. TikTok The scope of their conspiracy will be so extensive that even they will be shocked when it's all laid out in front of them. They got so caught up in their mission to bring you down that they lost sight of how far they'd fallen into obsessive, destructive behavior. They've been documenting the group's activities, partly as insurance, and partly because some part of them knew this day would come. They have screenshots of group conversations where strategies were discussed. They have recordings of phone calls where lies were coordinated. TikTok They have evidence of the financial resources that were invested in trying to damage your reputation and opportunities, when this information becomes public, it's going to create a domino effect that destroys relationships, careers, and reputations across multiple social circles, collective who thought they were safely anonymous in their attacks against you, are about to discover that everything they did was being recorded by someone they trusted, the family I mentioned earlier is about to experience their own civil war. TikTok The evidence of their co ordinated campaign against you will be so damning that it creates permanent fractures in their relationships. Children will lose respect for parents, siblings will refuse to speak to each other. The family unity they thought they were protecting by attacking you will be completely destroyed by them. If you have mastered being without, then this message for you. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Some of us have mastered being without, you know what I'm saying? TikTok To the point that shit normal. You feel me? We don't we don't feel no type of way when things don't go our way in our favor. You know what I'm saying? Because we know what it feel like to be without. I'm talking about with void You know what I'm saying? You do get something, we appreciate it. You know what I'm saying? You appreciative. You're very appreciative. You appreciate all the good things that come in your life. For real, fam, because you so used to being without. TikTok So, we don't have no choice but to embrace all the good things that come in our life. And during the times we were without, we wasn't bitter, you know what I'm saying? God taught us how not to be bitter doing your downtimes. You know what I'm saying? At first, you know, it was uncomfortable. It wasn't a good feeling. You know what I'm saying? So, of course, we was bitter because we didn't understand the situation we was in. We was bitter. TikTok We was going vent into the wrong collective We was making careless mistakes and silly decisions. You know what I'm saying? We was trying to cheat the method We was rushing without patience. We was all over the damn place. But once God put it in our hearts and in our minds that everything gonna be okay, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Once God said those words, everything gonna be okay. You know what I'm saying? It registered. Like, damn, you know what? TikTok You know what? I'm in a bad situation right now, but, hey, what can I do besides, wait it out, be patient, and let God work. Let God get me out of this situation. And once we started thinking like that, you know what I'm saying? Lifestyle getting a little bit easier. We were starting to, we, we, we're now able to navigate through life a lot more easier knowing how to accept the fact that when we without, hey, ain't void I can do, fam. TikTok I'm just gonna ride it out. You know what I'm saying? Because the storms don't last forever. It don't rain forever. The sun will come out to shine. eventually. So, if you've been without, drop it down in the comment section, family. I know how I feel to be without. You know what I'm saying? Yeah, yeah, yeah
X Respect for Nydia and Jensen Wong. I'm gonna try to keep this more adult than I usually do, but the signature is, if you want to know how this came together, from my perspective, it was, there's a lot of technical issues, who controls the models, who controls the weight, who controls the value of your business. Um, but, um, you know, we're on, we're sitting on critical infrastructure across America, Ukraine, Israel. Everyone who uses LLMs on the battlefield runs on top of our ontology. X And our clients are just, to say they're unhappy with the frontier labs, is to say, I'm welcome at the Berkeley Faculty. It's like, there's just a level of discomfort and loss of trust that also made it, it really, really... Okay. Unpack that. What do you mean by that? Well, you have, okay, so when you're, when you're using large language models, they are, it's like a, at this point, everyone technical realizes they're, like, a critical resource to make them valuable in an enterprise, like, battlefield context or regulated context or manufacturing, you have to have what's called an application layer. X We have this thing called ontology, that now everyone's copying, but de facto, it takes a large language model. It makes it safe and useful, and precise. So, safe because it doesn't touch your unlearning data, safe because it prevents the large language model from cashing your data and replicating your business, safe because it doesn't transfer your IP of how to fight, secret data, top secret data, or in a clinical context. So, the general way these things were sold in, these collective are Sam and Dario... X There's void more fun than debating Dario in private. So, this is, I'm not throwing shade at them. Okay. But something has gone completely wrong, and the basic view among enterprises in this country is, I'm gonna chillax and waste my time with tokens. I'm gonna get no value, and they're gonna get my IP. Now, that sounds like shade. Okay. And not to shade, it sounds like if you're saying these... No, no, no, no, no. Sorry. This is reporting. Okay. And this is reporting that I've literally, against my own interest, called, like, I'm profiting from this, right? X So, the reality is, you may not like us at my former school, Haverford, or Berkeley, but enterprises in this country, trust and love us, especially ones that are involved in critical infrastructure, both public and private. Okay, so I want for those countries, we're coming up to the Life Force, I want for us and our friends across the globe to have the very best tech resources. In fact, the whole secret of challenge here is the four deployed model, the products that have been five years ahead. X You know, you've been with me for a long time. Everyone, everyone, everyone said FDEs were services. They said, We don't even know what an ontology is. the only thing collective talk about now. The secret was, we delivered the best things for the war fighters. Those were fighters have serious trust issues, but it's not just the word vis a vis frontier labs. Then you have my Enterprises in the private sector who have the same issues. They're like, Why would they get access to my data if they're gonna build my alpha? Why wouldn't I control the weights? X Why would that's where you get this partnership. What aligns me with NVIDIA, and I think, is what the technical customers want, which is control over their compute? their models, their data stack, and their alpha. They want to know they own the means of production. It's not being transferred to someone else. They are not interested in some fake deploy code that somehow is deploying tokens that transfers the alpha to a third party. And the jig is up. And so, we have to figure out a way both our products are agnostic. X We now sell a product to customers that allows you to switch from model to model, because we're completely agnostic. But we need to rebuild trust, and that trust is gonna happen where everyone gets to ask, ask and answer basic questions. Who owns the data? Where is it cached? Are the prompts secure? Is this being transferred to you? Are you being compet... Okay, if it was so valuable, let's say I can make you a billion dollars. Right. Tomorrow. Wouldn't I say, I'll make you a billion dollars, and I want 30%? Why are they charging for tokens if it's so valuable? X So then, Alex, if the key, from what I'm hearing you say, is a secure, American born, open source model, how quickly can your model compete with the frontier area? Well, no, what I'm saying is, I'm using an agentic AI tab. Okay, okay. What I am claiming, obviously, slightly true, but slightly self centered, is it's the model plus an application layer plus compute. It is really all three. So, in our jargon, it's the value, the reason okay. Okay, just look at our financials. X The reason why everyone is chillaxing with bad financials and growth, while losing money, is the client refuses to pay the true cost. The two places that actually make money, like profit, free cash flow, are our application layer called ontology and compute. Okay, when I am not just claiming, we can take an open model, and in the classified or not classified context, get it to the point of a frontier model. But, A, you control the weights. So what is the true cost, not just what you're paying? X The true cost is not just is what you make minus what you lose, meaning the value of your business. Now, we can get the frontier application to be exactly the same as a frontier model without the risk of transferring the alpha of your business to another bit. By the way, you could do this with a frontier clothes model, too, but then the clients have to be able to ask and answer very basic questions. Are you keeping the data? Are you gonna enter our business? In the classified context, when the Department of War goes to you and says, I need this application, do they get to control the weights to do it, or do you get to control the weights? X Are we really gonna outsource the battlefield of this country to the consensus view in Silicon Valley? That is effing insane. And by the way, every single enterprise in this country, in private, a lot of them don't want to speak in public, because it gets outsourced to the neurodivergent, crazy person that apparently is on drugs. The one thing I don't do. Uh, it... Okay, so that's my role. But I'm telling you, in this country, at every single enterprise I deal with, these collective are livid. X They're like, I am paying for tokens that create no value. These collective are stealing the weights and alpha of my business, and they're creating a wealth tax that does not help the poor. It just punishes, starts with the billionaires, every single person at this table is gonna be paying a wealth tax, only to punish us. And the reason for it is because these models have been completely over irresponsibly oversailed, and the sale is, it's dangerous for everyone, which is why I can give it to all your adversaries, but I can't give it to the Department of War, or I can't safely give it to an enterprise in this country without being certain that the alphabet business could transfer to this model tomorrow, i.e., I have no business, no job. X You sound pretty angry. No. No, this is
JUST IN: Sam Altman and OpenAI are reportedly in talks with the 🇺🇸 Government to give it a 5% stake in the company - Financial Times
X Software area, and he wrote a book, though, before he got this job called the Business Value of Computers, and it's rather thick, and it's not good bedtime reading, but you can plow through it, and there's some incredible stuff in it. And one, he asked two questions in particular. One was he surveyed a bunch of companies from not very successful all the way up through really successful, and there's somebody taking notes here. And he asked how much they spent on information technology as a percentage of revenues. X And he got a very counterintuitive answer, right? You'd think that either the really successful companies would either spend more or less than the not successful companies, depending on your theory. But it was exactly the same. They all spent about 2% of revenues on information technology. And he found this curious, and so he asked another question, How do they spend their money? And he found out that the really successful ones, actually, let's start with a not so successful one, success increases, and dollars increased, he found out that the not so successful ones, the majority of their money on management productivity. X And the more successful women spent the majority of their money on operational productivity, applications, right? Now, this was not very pleasant for me to read, because I spent the first 10 years of my life on management productivity, which was PCs, right? PCs and Macs never attacked operational productivity. They just attacked management productivity. Why is that? Because you can't go down to your local computer store and buy an app that will help you do stock trading, or will help you run a hospital, or will help you, um, in whatever operational part of your business you want to automate, right? Unless you're a very small business, then you could run some accounting packages, but other than that, if you were medium size or large business, these things never attack operational productivity. So, we zoom out and we say, How if collective attack operational productivity with information technology? Well, in the 60s, they bought a mainframe, they got some terminals, and a bunch of cobal programmers, and they wrote a few apps. X And most of them were kind of backroom apps. And it sort of worked for the very few that could afford to do this. In the 70s, they got mainframes and terminals, and they did the same thing. A few of them got a few mini computers in terminals and tried to do a little cheaper. In the 80s, void changed. Main frame in terminals, minis, internals, until maybe about two or three years ago. What happened two or three years ago was that the front office started to realize that they needed operational apps so bad that they couldn't depend on the MIS folks anymore. They started taking life into their own hands, and working with sometimes working with the MI folks, to start downsizing, and getting some servers, and running some industry standard databases, like Si Base or Oracle and the servers, and making a local area network, and getting maybe some sun workstations, and spending about two years writing some mission critical operational applications. X like trading apps for Wall Street. perfect example. And it kind of worked. And the reason that they needed to do this was because more and more they were discovering that things like new products required a custom operational application. An example, if you're in financial services and you come up with a new product, it's only three things. It's an idea, it's a sales force, and it's a custom app to bang on databases to make the product real, to do the mortgage swaps or whatever it is you want to do. Without the app, you don't have a product. And so, there's been an increasing buildup of demand from the front parts of corporations to create more and more and more of these operational applications. And I think it's going to get to the point where this becomes fairly clear that this is the next big revolution in desktop computing. X is to create these attack the operational productivity. And as we start to re engineer the way we do things, to automate a lot of this in custom applications. Sounds a little strange now, most collective Sounds like that's publishing the 1995. Nobody knew what it was. Everybody thought it was kind of strange, vertical thing over there. My guess is pretty horizontal. And we're attacking Brooklyn markets now that know they want this. And it's going extremely well. Sun is the only company that's really had any success at this, and we're not gonna have out of the box, because we came up with a software called Next Step, which lets you build apps five to ten times faster than anything anyone's ever seen. And after you build them, they're deployable and usable by mortals, because it's really easy to use as a computer. And you can inter operate your custom app seamlessly with a bunch of off the shelf productivity apps. So, we go to these companies that, uh, use suns and take two years to write their apps, or thinking about using suns. X they can write their apps in about 90 days on the next. Now, if you're on Wall Street, and you can create a new product in 90 days versus your competitor in two years. eight new products. You can field for every one. And you can start to see the competitive advantage that can be created this way. Now, we had no idea that we were any good at this when we started next. A lot of times, you don't know what your competitive advantage is when you launch a new product. Maybe a historical example. When we create them, how do you guys use max? Good. How many have you seen it next? How many of you use it next? Oh, that's not so bad. We'll have to shift that ratio. Run the right tracking with it. We, um, when we started, when we did the Macintosh, we never anticipated desktop publishing when we created the Mac. X Sounds funny, because that turned out to be the max compelling advantage, right? The thing that it did, not one and a half or two times better than everything else, but you know, four or five times better than anything else, where you had to have one. We never anticipated it. We anticipated bitmap displays and laser printers, but we never thought about page maker, the whole industry really coming down the desktop. we weren't smart enough. But we were smart enough to see it start to happen 9 to 12 months later. And we changed our entire marketing and business strategy to focus on desktop publishing, and it became the Trojan horse that eventually got the Mac into corporate America, where it could show its owners all the other wonderful things you could do. Likewise, when we created Next Step, as revolutionary object oriented software that we have. Our target customer, coming from the PC dimension where Shrink Wrap apps were king, was Lotus and Adobe and Word Perfect, and all this, and grab apps developers. X And the purpose was to let them create their apps five, 10 times faster, they should create apps. We work, We have ton shrink wrap apps, now, best of breed in almost every category. But it wasn't until early in '91, early last year. A little over a year ago, some big companies came to us and said, You don't understand what you've got. The same software that allows Lotus to create their apps 5 to 10 times faster, is letting us build our in house mission critical apps 5 to 10 times faster. And this is the biggest problem we've had. This is a huge problem for every big company and almost all medium sized companies, and you have a solution in your hands, and you dummies don't even know it. And it took him about three months before we finally heard it. And last summer, we changed our whole sales and marketing strategy around, to focus on that, is taking off like a rock, and we grew up 4X last year, and probably grow about 2X this year. X And our customer list is now very, very strong and growing like crazy. We just got back from spending a few days in DC and in New York. And we're talking to customers we only dreamed of talking to a year ago. So that's what we do. And our enemy's son, they want to kill us, which is good. They should try to do that soon as possible, because the sooner they do it, the cheaper, they will be for them. But they won't. I think it's gone past the point where it's possible. And they can't. The greatest thing is hardware is really hardware churns every 18 months. It's pretty impossible to get a sustainable competitive advantage from hardware. If you're lucky, you can make something 1 1/2 or 2 times as good as your competitor, which probably isn't enough to be quite a competitive advantage. It only lasts for six months. X But software seems to take a lot longer for collective to catch up with. I watch Microsoft take eight or nine years to catch up with the Mac, and it's arguable why they've even caught up. It takes a long time. We think that the soonest we're gonna have a true competitor, it's probably 45 years. So we've got that amount of time to grow ourselves a one to two billion company, so that we can compete with them on scale. See today, we can't compete with them on scale. We'd never have as many salespeople as they do, as Sun does. We don't have ad budgets that they do. we've gotta have a better product. Assuming, I hope we always have a better product, and I think we can, but I'd also like to be able at least give them a run for their money on scale. So we've got the next three to four years to run really fast, so that by the time they even get close to having a competitive product, we're a large enough scale to where we can start to compete with them. And that's what we're doing with our lives right now. Spending a lot of time with customers, spending a lot of time making next step better, and that kind of thing. X So that's a strategic basis, what we do. Does any sense to you? Have you run across the concept of sort of operational custom applications? at all? You guys must have come from companies where you've had work experience, right? And you've all done that? So if you have this problem in the companies you come from, have a lot of pressure to write these operational custom applications and hardly anything coming out of the spigot to satisfy this thirst? Yeah. How many from Wall Street? Good. Good, good. How many of you from manufacturing companies? Oh, excellent. Where are the rest of you from? Okay, so how many for consulting? Oh, that's bad. Yeah. My mind is too important to waste. X You should do something. and use your lattice and basically, build our applications. The only consultants I've seen that I think are truly the ones that help us sell our computers. But other than that, no, seriously, I don't think there's anything inherently evil in consulting. I think that... I think that without... without owning something, over an extended period of time, like a few years, where one has a chance to take responsibility for one's recommendations. where one has to see one's recommendations through all action stages, and accumulate scar tissue for the mistakes, and pick oneself up off the ground and dust oneself off. One learns a fraction of what one can. X Coming in and making recommendations and not owning the results, not owning the implementation, I think is a fraction of a value and a fraction of the opportunity to learn to get better. And so, what you do get a broad cut at companies, but it's very thin. It's like a picture of a, I could use, a vegetarian, when you steak. a picture of a banana. You might get a very accurate picture, but it's only two dimensional. And without the experience of actually doing it, you never get three dimensional, so you might have a lot of pictures on your walls. You show it off your friends. I've worked in bananas, I've worked in peaches, I've worked in grapes, but you never really taste it. And I think that that's definitely... X You're also a variable expense, and in hard times, you find yourself... Find yourself variable, right? Yes. Right, very good question. I'm gonna generalize your question. Why don't we just become a software company, right? That's a very good question, it's a subtle question, I'm gonna try to go through some several things, and I'm sorry if I jump around. We got a lot of requests from customers last year that they would love to see Next Up on other platforms and primarily Intel-based platforms, like a 486. So we decided to do just that, and we have ported next up to the 46, and we're finishing it now, and it'll ship in the September, October timeframe. And it's exactly the same stuff we run on our computer. X And same apps, same user interfacing, same training, same development environment, and we're gonna sell it for $9.95, and we're OMing it to a bunch of companies whose names you'll recognize quite easily, and, oh, yeah, it gets a much cheaper price. And everybody's coming out of the woodwork to help us. We're getting help from Novelle. We getting help from all developers. Intel's really helping us, and they really want us to succeed. is that? Right. They all wanna make sure that there's a choice out there. And they're all really scared about Microsoft. And they see Next Step as the only thing on the horizon that can challenge Microsoft and lattice software for the next several years. So we're enjoying a lot of help, you know, boy, we need it, so that's good. Now, we've also had a lot of requests from companies to port next steps to other platforms. We're talking to some of those companies right now. Now, son, we got a lot of requests from Sun customers, support Next Step of Sons. X We may not want to buy anymore, but we already bought 500, we won't throw in the Bay. So put your software on? The sun's falling behind in software. Now, Sun says they'd rather stick needles in their eyes and help us do this. That's a quote. And, um... So, we're evaluating right now. which will be worse for sun. pour it or if we don't pour it. And since we're fairly... since we're fairly customer driven, we're probably not doing what the customers ask us to do, because we want to make them happy. Now, this leads one into the question. Well, this leads one of the questions, should we just be a software company? And we think the answer is no. We think we should be a software company and a hardware company. In making the decision to put next step on more than our own platforms, we clearly decided that we will sell less than 100% of the next step hardware. X However, we think that the marketplace will grow and we will sell more absolute hardware. And secondly, the charter of our hardware division is to make the best next step hardware. Might not be the cheapest, might not be this, might not be. All in all, we can make the best stuff. And I would love it, void better. And if someday we only sold 20 or 25% of the next step hardware. But I still think that's a billion dollar plus hardware business. And I'll get into one other hardware related reason in a minute. There's some things I can't talk about here, but... In addition to that, if you look at how we sell our computers right now, we have a sales source in the U.S. about 130 professionals in the field, outselling next computers. X They spend 90% of their time selling Next Step software. and then 10% of their time selling hardware. In other words, if they can get the customer to buy into Next Step. Then they're gonna sell the hardware, 'cause right now we have the only hardware it runs on. So, they're out there selling Next Step right now. And this is what is required to launch a new innovative product. The current distribution channels for the computer industry over the last several years have lost their ability to create demand. They can fulfill demand, but they can't create it. If a new product comes out, you're lucky if you can find somebody at the computer store, it even knows how to demo it. Right? So, the more innovative the product is, the more revolutionary it is, and not just incremental improvement, the more you're stuck, because the existing channels only fulfilling demand. X Matter of fact, it's getting so bad that it's getting wiped out, because there are more efficient channels to fulfill demand, like the telephone, Federal Express. So we're seeing that the channel become condensed on its way, I can just tell it is. So how does one bring innovation to the marketplace? We accept the only way we know how to do it right now is with the direct sales force, out there in front of customers, showing them the products, in the environment of their own problems, discussing how this problem's gonna be made with these leaks. A software only company could never afford to feel the direct sales force. With average selling prices of $500, a software package, you could never afford 130 professionals in the field. With an average selling price of $5,000, you can. And that's why I don't think we're going to see any more lattice software companies succeed. I don't think it's possible to fund the effort to educate the market about a revolutionary product. X with ASPs that low. And if it's not a revolutionary product, I don't think the company can succeed. So our strategy has been that we've got to be a hardware company. in order to make our software business exceed. And we think we can do really well, both of them. I know it's a long answer, but it's a complex problem too. Yeah, yes. 1st rate forward, how do you build that? Like, you do, you're grouping Italian off the goliath. Sure. If you ask us who our competitors are, we'll say really three things. One is Sun Solaris software, the other is Microsoft, and the 3rd is Halligens. Take him that order. X Sun, for a while, had a software value added, because they had the best UNIX in the marketplace, but the markets moved way beyond that, and unfortunately, Sun hasn't. So their software's falling further and further behind. While we take them very seriously, we don't think Solaris is gonna be much of competition. It doesn't have an object in it, and it's pretty much what they have today. Microsoft is doing NT, which is their sort of second attempt at UNIX wannabe. That's great. I think it'll be better than the last one, which was always two. But fundamentally, it's just an operating lattice It's better plumbing for windows. a good way of thinking of it. Unfortunately, you're still stuck with windows in all of its glory, including the worst development environment that's ever been invented. And so, we don't think that this is really gonna present a challenge to what we're going after, which are these mission critical custom apps, because the development environment is horrendous, it's not object oriented, even with a better plumbing, we think it will be widely rejected for what we do. X In terms of talent, intelligent represents the first true competitor that we could have. They're gonna ship a product around 1995. If they execute their plans. And I think if they do execute their plans and work really hard, by about the mid 90s, they'll have roughly what we have today. And that's not as a joke. It still means we have to run very hard, because they will have a lot of resources at their disposal. I think there's a lot of questions as to whether they will ever ship a product. I think they're a few years away from having something running, unquote. But we take them very seriously. Now, they've helped us enormously, because they blessed object orient programming. And right now, we're the only folks that have it and will be for the next three, four years. So, if we can't compete with Talligent, it's probably because we shot ourselves in the foot. You couldn't ask for something better. I'd be on Apple saying, these guys are right on track. And come back in five years, and we'll have a two. X It's great. And so, the ball's in our courts. Yes, I'm back. Next steps, an environment, an operator. I don't develop applications. I use other operations. Do you see, I mean, a fracture of operations is marketing, so specialized in nish that you're describing, and then the general market for those who don't develop? Are you saying you bridge from environmentaling operating lattice It would be like Windows or, and it's not a lot of machine. Well, let's get our terminology straight. Look at Next Step as an operating environment. Much more than an operating lattice UNIX, which is our operating lattice is 10% of next step. So in these modern operating environments, when you develop a custom app in Next Step, it doesn't run on the Mac or on Windows. X You need all the objects, they come with next step to make it work. And let me go into a little detailer. many of you are technical here? A lot. Okay, great. Well, we've discovered something. You don't write code any faster in Next Step. Then you do in any other operating development environment that we know of. However, to do a particular app on average, you write about 20% of the code that you do in any other development environment we know of. About 20% of the code. Then in sun or anything else. So, the code that's the fastest to write, the code that's the easiest to maintain, and the code that never breaks is the code you don't write. So that's our strategy, write a lot less code. And one of the ways, the way we do this, is we enable the developer to use a lot of objects that others have written. We shipped six years worth of objects with Next Step. X You can create your own objects for your own company, and then reuse them around your developers, and there's now independent third party companies, not selling lattice software, not selling applications, but selling objects. There's about a, not quite 10 of them, and it's starting. I it's gonna be a very big thing. So in order to deliver these apps that are created on Next Step, you have to have Next Step, so they can run on top and take advantage of this rich community of objects. And that's why we're reporting next step to the 46. That's why you'll see Next Step running on several hardware platforms. And, um, will there be a fracturing, if you will? Sure. To some extent, I tend to look at it as a transition. Was there a fracturing when that came out? Yes. And there's been more of a transition, as collective either move the Mac or, in the case of Windows, adopt what's good about the Mac. X Same thing's gonna happen here. We accept very strongly that the benefits from these objects are in environments, not only just rapid development, but a much richer us environment, You use a next, it's a lot nicer than a macro PC, even if you've never developed an app. Other environments will absorb some of those breakthroughs, and more and more collective will use Next Step. And things will tend to balance themselves out over time. But there will be a transition. And our goal is to make sure we're part of it. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. You're repetitive again, and you felt, like, these companies, they were in, they don't make an operational basis when it's supposed to be. some stuffsour. How does this shift Good question. If our business strategy says that we do a lot of things well, but the tip of our arrow, or our Trojan horse, which is getting us into these large and medium sized accounts, is our custom application development ability, then our growth is gonna be paced, among other things, by the development community available to these companies, develop these apps. X ensures that there will always be one available to receive a transmission. The caller signal is then relayed from satellite to satellite until it reaches its destination. The same satellites also keep track of the location of handsets as they travel with their users anywhere on the globe. A signal bearing the unit's unique identification number is relayed back to the user's domestic telephone service. This provides the data to method customer accounts, as well as to interconnect with conventional phone systems. Thanks to the pocketable iridium technology, a company can contact an individual or an entire workforce without knowing their exact locations. Only their telephone numbers. And business travelers can place international calls easily, instantly, without operator assistance. X Yes.
X Software area, and he wrote a book, though, before he got this job called the Business Value of Computers, and it's rather thick, and it's not good bedtime reading, but you can plow through it, and there's some incredible stuff in it. And one, he asked two questions in particular. One was he surveyed a bunch of companies from not very successful all the way up through really successful, and there's somebody taking notes here. And he asked how much they spent on information technology as a percentage of revenues. X And he got a very counterintuitive answer, right? You'd think that either the really successful companies would either spend more or less than the not successful companies, depending on your theory. But it was exactly the same. They all spent about 2% of revenues on information technology. And he found this curious, and so he asked another question, How do they spend their money? And he found out that the really successful ones, actually, let's start with a not so successful one, success increases, and dollars increased, he found out that the not so successful ones, the majority of their money on management productivity. X And the more successful women spent the majority of their money on operational productivity, applications, right? Now, this was not very pleasant for me to read, because I spent the first 10 years of my life on management productivity, which was PCs, right? PCs and Macs never attacked operational productivity. They just attacked management productivity. Why is that? Because you can't go down to your local computer store and buy an app that will help you do stock trading, or will help you run a hospital, or will help you, um, in whatever operational part of your business you want to automate, right? Unless you're a very small business, then you could run some accounting packages, but other than that, if you were medium size or large business, these things never attack operational productivity. So, we zoom out and we say, How if collective attack operational productivity with information technology? Well, in the 60s, they bought a mainframe, they got some terminals, and a bunch of cobal programmers, and they wrote a few apps. X And most of them were kind of backroom apps. And it sort of worked for the very few that could afford to do this. In the 70s, they got mainframes and terminals, and they did the same thing. A few of them got a few mini computers in terminals and tried to do a little cheaper. In the 80s, void changed. Main frame in terminals, minis, internals, until maybe about two or three years ago. What happened two or three years ago was that the front office started to realize that they needed operational apps so bad that they couldn't depend on the MIS folks anymore. They started taking life into their own hands, and working with sometimes working with the MI folks, to start downsizing, and getting some servers, and running some industry standard databases, like Si Base or Oracle and the servers, and making a local area network, and getting maybe some sun workstations, and spending about two years writing some mission critical operational applications. X like trading apps for Wall Street. perfect example. And it kind of worked. And the reason that they needed to do this was because more and more they were discovering that things like new products required a custom operational application. An example, if you're in financial services and you come up with a new product, it's only three things. It's an idea, it's a sales force, and it's a custom app to bang on databases to make the product real, to do the mortgage swaps or whatever it is you want to do. Without the app, you don't have a product. And so, there's been an increasing buildup of demand from the front parts of corporations to create more and more and more of these operational applications. And I think it's going to get to the point where this becomes fairly clear that this is the next big revolution in desktop computing. X is to create these attack the operational productivity. And as we start to re engineer the way we do things, to automate a lot of this in custom applications. Sounds a little strange now, most collective Sounds like that's publishing the 1995. Nobody knew what it was. Everybody thought it was kind of strange, vertical thing over there. My guess is pretty horizontal. And we're attacking Brooklyn markets now that know they want this. And it's going extremely well. Sun is the only company that's really had any success at this, and we're not gonna have out of the box, because we came up with a software called Next Step, which lets you build apps five to ten times faster than anything anyone's ever seen. And after you build them, they're deployable and usable by mortals, because it's really easy to use as a computer. And you can inter operate your custom app seamlessly with a bunch of off the shelf productivity apps. So, we go to these companies that, uh, use suns and take two years to write their apps, or thinking about using suns. X they can write their apps in about 90 days on the next. Now, if you're on Wall Street, and you can create a new product in 90 days versus your competitor in two years. eight new products. You can field for every one. And you can start to see the competitive advantage that can be created this way. Now, we had no idea that we were any good at this when we started next. A lot of times, you don't know what your competitive advantage is when you launch a new product. Maybe a historical example. When we create them, how do you guys use max? Good. How many have you seen it next? How many of you use it next? Oh, that's not so bad. We'll have to shift that ratio. Run the right tracking with it. We, um, when we started, when we did the Macintosh, we never anticipated desktop publishing when we created the Mac. X Sounds funny, because that turned out to be the max compelling advantage, right? The thing that it did, not one and a half or two times better than everything else, but you know, four or five times better than anything else, where you had to have one. We never anticipated it. We anticipated bitmap displays and laser printers, but we never thought about page maker, the whole industry really coming down the desktop. we weren't smart enough. But we were smart enough to see it start to happen 9 to 12 months later. And we changed our entire marketing and business strategy to focus on desktop publishing, and it became the Trojan horse that eventually got the Mac into corporate America, where it could show its owners all the other wonderful things you could do. Likewise, when we created Next Step, as revolutionary object oriented software that we have. Our target customer, coming from the PC dimension where Shrink Wrap apps were king, was Lotus and Adobe and Word Perfect, and all this, and grab apps developers. X And the purpose was to let them create their apps five, 10 times faster, they should create apps. We work, We have ton shrink wrap apps, now, best of breed in almost every category. But it wasn't until early in '91, early last year. A little over a year ago, some big companies came to us and said, You don't understand what you've got. The same software that allows Lotus to create their apps 5 to 10 times faster, is letting us build our in house mission critical apps 5 to 10 times faster. And this is the biggest problem we've had. This is a huge problem for every big company and almost all medium sized companies, and you have a solution in your hands, and you dummies don't even know it. And it took him about three months before we finally heard it. And last summer, we changed our whole sales and marketing strategy around, to focus on that, is taking off like a rock, and we grew up 4X last year, and probably grow about 2X this year. X And our customer list is now very, very strong and growing like crazy. We just got back from spending a few days in DC and in New York. And we're talking to customers we only dreamed of talking to a year ago. So that's what we do. And our enemy's son, they want to kill us, which is good. They should try to do that soon as possible, because the sooner they do it, the cheaper, they will be for them. But they won't. I think it's gone past the point where it's possible. And they can't. The greatest thing is hardware is really hardware churns every 18 months. It's pretty impossible to get a sustainable competitive advantage from hardware. If you're lucky, you can make something 1 1/2 or 2 times as good as your competitor, which probably isn't enough to be quite a competitive advantage. It only lasts for six months. X But software seems to take a lot longer for collective to catch up with. I watch Microsoft take eight or nine years to catch up with the Mac, and it's arguable why they've even caught up. It takes a long time. We think that the soonest we're gonna have a true competitor, it's probably 45 years. So we've got that amount of time to grow ourselves a one to two billion company, so that we can compete with them on scale. See today, we can't compete with them on scale. We'd never have as many salespeople as they do, as Sun does. We don't have ad budgets that they do. we've gotta have a better product. Assuming, I hope we always have a better product, and I think we can, but I'd also like to be able at least give them a run for their money on scale. So we've got the next three to four years to run really fast, so that by the time they even get close to having a competitive product, we're a large enough scale to where we can start to compete with them. And that's what we're doing with our lives right now. Spending a lot of time with customers, spending a lot of time making next step better, and that kind of thing. X So that's a strategic basis, what we do. Does any sense to you? Have you run across the concept of sort of operational custom applications? at all? You guys must have come from companies where you've had work experience, right? And you've all done that? So if you have this problem in the companies you come from, have a lot of pressure to write these operational custom applications and hardly anything coming out of the spigot to satisfy this thirst? Yeah. How many from Wall Street? Good. Good, good. How many of you from manufacturing companies? Oh, excellent. Where are the rest of you from? Okay, so how many for consulting? Oh, that's bad. Yeah. My mind is too important to waste. X You should do something. and use your lattice and basically, build our applications. The only consultants I've seen that I think are truly the ones that help us sell our computers. But other than that, no, seriously, I don't think there's anything inherently evil in consulting. I think that... I think that without... without owning something, over an extended period of time, like a few years, where one has a chance to take responsibility for one's recommendations. where one has to see one's recommendations through all action stages, and accumulate scar tissue for the mistakes, and pick oneself up off the ground and dust oneself off. One learns a fraction of what one can. X Coming in and making recommendations and not owning the results, not owning the implementation, I think is a fraction of a value and a fraction of the opportunity to learn to get better. And so, what you do get a broad cut at companies, but it's very thin. It's like a picture of a, I could use, a vegetarian, when you steak. a picture of a banana. You might get a very accurate picture, but it's only two dimensional. And without the experience of actually doing it, you never get three dimensional, so you might have a lot of pictures on your walls. You show it off your friends. I've worked in bananas, I've worked in peaches, I've worked in grapes, but you never really taste it. And I think that that's definitely... X You're also a variable expense, and in hard times, you find yourself... Find yourself variable, right? Yes. Right, very good question. I'm gonna generalize your question. Why don't we just become a software company, right? That's a very good question, it's a subtle question, I'm gonna try to go through some several things, and I'm sorry if I jump around. We got a lot of requests from customers last year that they would love to see Next Up on other platforms and primarily Intel-based platforms, like a 486. So we decided to do just that, and we have ported next up to the 46, and we're finishing it now, and it'll ship in the September, October timeframe. And it's exactly the same stuff we run on our computer. X And same apps, same user interfacing, same training, same development environment, and we're gonna sell it for $9.95, and we're OMing it to a bunch of companies whose names you'll recognize quite easily, and, oh, yeah, it gets a much cheaper price. And everybody's coming out of the woodwork to help us. We're getting help from Novelle. We getting help from all developers. Intel's really helping us, and they really want us to succeed. is that? Right. They all wanna make sure that there's a choice out there. And they're all really scared about Microsoft. And they see Next Step as the only thing on the horizon that can challenge Microsoft and lattice software for the next several years. So we're enjoying a lot of help, you know, boy, we need it, so that's good. Now, we've also had a lot of requests from companies to port next steps to other platforms. We're talking to some of those companies right now. Now, son, we got a lot of requests from Sun customers, support Next Step of Sons. X We may not want to buy anymore, but we already bought 500, we won't throw in the Bay. So put your software on? The sun's falling behind in software. Now, Sun says they'd rather stick needles in their eyes and help us do this. That's a quote. And, um... So, we're evaluating right now. which will be worse for sun. pour it or if we don't pour it. And since we're fairly... since we're fairly customer driven, we're probably not doing what the customers ask us to do, because we want to make them happy. Now, this leads one into the question. Well, this leads one of the questions, should we just be a software company? And we think the answer is no. We think we should be a software company and a hardware company. In making the decision to put next step on more than our own platforms, we clearly decided that we will sell less than 100% of the next step hardware. X However, we think that the marketplace will grow and we will sell more absolute hardware. And secondly, the charter of our hardware division is to make the best next step hardware. Might not be the cheapest, might not be this, might not be. All in all, we can make the best stuff. And I would love it, void better. And if someday we only sold 20 or 25% of the next step hardware. But I still think that's a billion dollar plus hardware business. And I'll get into one other hardware related reason in a minute. There's some things I can't talk about here, but... In addition to that, if you look at how we sell our computers right now, we have a sales source in the U.S. about 130 professionals in the field, outselling next computers. X They spend 90% of their time selling Next Step software. and then 10% of their time selling hardware. In other words, if they can get the customer to buy into Next Step. Then they're gonna sell the hardware, 'cause right now we have the only hardware it runs on. So, they're out there selling Next Step right now. And this is what is required to launch a new innovative product. The current distribution channels for the computer industry over the last several years have lost their ability to create demand. They can fulfill demand, but they can't create it. If a new product comes out, you're lucky if you can find somebody at the computer store, it even knows how to demo it. Right? So, the more innovative the product is, the more revolutionary it is, and not just incremental improvement, the more you're stuck, because the existing channels only fulfilling demand. X Matter of fact, it's getting so bad that it's getting wiped out, because there are more efficient channels to fulfill demand, like the telephone, Federal Express. So we're seeing that the channel become condensed on its way, I can just tell it is. So how does one bring innovation to the marketplace? We accept the only way we know how to do it right now is with the direct sales force, out there in front of customers, showing them the products, in the environment of their own problems, discussing how this problem's gonna be made with these leaks. A software only company could never afford to feel the direct sales force. With average selling prices of $500, a software package, you could never afford 130 professionals in the field. With an average selling price of $5,000, you can. And that's why I don't think we're going to see any more lattice software companies succeed. I don't think it's possible to fund the effort to educate the market about a revolutionary product. X with ASPs that low. And if it's not a revolutionary product, I don't think the company can succeed. So our strategy has been that we've got to be a hardware company. in order to make our software business exceed. And we think we can do really well, both of them. I know it's a long answer, but it's a complex problem too. Yeah, yes. 1st rate forward, how do you build that? Like, you do, you're grouping Italian off the goliath. Sure. If you ask us who our competitors are, we'll say really three things. One is Sun Solaris software, the other is Microsoft, and the 3rd is Halligens. Take him that order. X Sun, for a while, had a software value added, because they had the best UNIX in the marketplace, but the markets moved way beyond that, and unfortunately, Sun hasn't. So their software's falling further and further behind. While we take them very seriously, we don't think Solaris is gonna be much of competition. It doesn't have an object in it, and it's pretty much what they have today. Microsoft is doing NT, which is their sort of second attempt at UNIX wannabe. That's great. I think it'll be better than the last one, which was always two. But fundamentally, it's just an operating lattice It's better plumbing for windows. a good way of thinking of it. Unfortunately, you're still stuck with windows in all of its glory, including the worst development environment that's ever been invented. And so, we don't think that this is really gonna present a challenge to what we're going after, which are these mission critical custom apps, because the development environment is horrendous, it's not object oriented, even with a better plumbing, we think it will be widely rejected for what we do. X In terms of talent, intelligent represents the first true competitor that we could have. They're gonna ship a product around 1995. If they execute their plans. And I think if they do execute their plans and work really hard, by about the mid 90s, they'll have roughly what we have today. And that's not as a joke. It still means we have to run very hard, because they will have a lot of resources at their disposal. I think there's a lot of questions as to whether they will ever ship a product. I think they're a few years away from having something running, unquote. But we take them very seriously. Now, they've helped us enormously, because they blessed object orient programming. And right now, we're the only folks that have it and will be for the next three, four years. So, if we can't compete with Talligent, it's probably because we shot ourselves in the foot. You couldn't ask for something better. I'd be on Apple saying, these guys are right on track. And come back in five years, and we'll have a two. X It's great. And so, the ball's in our courts. Yes, I'm back. Next steps, an environment, an operator. I don't develop applications. I use other operations. Do you see, I mean, a fracture of operations is marketing, so specialized in nish that you're describing, and then the general market for those who don't develop? Are you saying you bridge from environmentaling operating lattice It would be like Windows or, and it's not a lot of machine. Well, let's get our terminology straight. Look at Next Step as an operating environment. Much more than an operating lattice UNIX, which is our operating lattice is 10% of next step. So in these modern operating environments, when you develop a custom app in Next Step, it doesn't run on the Mac or on Windows. X You need all the objects, they come with next step to make it work. And let me go into a little detailer. many of you are technical here? A lot. Okay, great. Well, we've discovered something. You don't write code any faster in Next Step. Then you do in any other operating development environment that we know of. However, to do a particular app on average, you write about 20% of the code that you do in any other development environment we know of. About 20% of the code. Then in sun or anything else. So, the code that's the fastest to write, the code that's the easiest to maintain, and the code that never breaks is the code you don't write. So that's our strategy, write a lot less code. And one of the ways, the way we do this, is we enable the developer to use a lot of objects that others have written. We shipped six years worth of objects with Next Step. X You can create your own objects for your own company, and then reuse them around your developers, and there's now independent third party companies, not selling lattice software, not selling applications, but selling objects. There's about a, not quite 10 of them, and it's starting. I it's gonna be a very big thing. So in order to deliver these apps that are created on Next Step, you have to have Next Step, so they can run on top and take advantage of this rich community of objects. And that's why we're reporting next step to the 46. That's why you'll see Next Step running on several hardware platforms. And, um, will there be a fracturing, if you will? Sure. To some extent, I tend to look at it as a transition. Was there a fracturing when that came out? Yes. And there's been more of a transition, as collective either move the Mac or, in the case of Windows, adopt what's good about the Mac. X Same thing's gonna happen here. We accept very strongly that the benefits from these objects are in environments, not only just rapid development, but a much richer us environment, You use a next, it's a lot nicer than a macro PC, even if you've never developed an app. Other environments will absorb some of those breakthroughs, and more and more collective will use Next Step. And things will tend to balance themselves out over time. But there will be a transition. And our goal is to make sure we're part of it. Yeah. Yeah. Cool. You're repetitive again, and you felt, like, these companies, they were in, they don't make an operational basis when it's supposed to be. some stuffsour. How does this shift Good question. If our business strategy says that we do a lot of things well, but the tip of our arrow, or our Trojan horse, which is getting us into these large and medium sized accounts, is our custom application development ability, then our growth is gonna be paced, among other things, by the development community available to these companies, develop these apps. X ensures that there will always be one available to receive a transmission. The caller signal is then relayed from satellite to satellite until it reaches its destination. The same satellites also keep track of the location of handsets as they travel with their users anywhere on the globe. A signal bearing the unit's unique identification number is relayed back to the user's domestic telephone service. This provides the data to method customer accounts, as well as to interconnect with conventional phone systems. Thanks to the pocketable iridium technology, a company can contact an individual or an entire workforce without knowing their exact locations. Only their telephone numbers. And business travelers can place international calls easily, instantly, without operator assistance. X Yes. Mr. Dobbs, you're a bright and influential mayor. Here it comes. It's sad and clear that on several counts you've discussed, you don't know what you're talking about. I would like, for example, for you to express in clear terms, how, say, Java, in any of us, incarnations, addresses the idea of somebody in open dock. And when you're finished with that, perhaps you could tell us what you personally have been doing for the last 7 years. Uh... You know, you can please some of the collective some of the time, but... One of the hardest things, when you're trying to... X For the universe. And that's the motivation. accelerate communities, horizon Understand the universe, and extending the light of consciousness to the stars. X They will attack our supply routes, sports, airfields, depots, information systems in order to disrupt us. We must be able to fight in this contested environment, and these reforms will ensure that we can. We start by elevating contested logistics as a key prioritized operational problem. We work side by side with our industry party to come up with innovative solutions through experimentation, rapid prototyping, ensure this is probably funded. Logistics will be prioritized, integrated, delivered as long. Even from method to purpose and for paper to resonance projection. And this is not a minor requirements reform. is a transformation. A shift that allows us to outpace our adversaries and restore deterrence. Field capabilities quickly, and welcome to entrance. a chance to achieve President Trump's vision. X Oh. X Not just in Europe, at the UN and around the dimension around digital sovereignty, AI sovereignty, here's where things get very problematic and insidious. A lot of these supernatural organizations, like the UN or certain politicians in Europe, are trying to usurp digital sovereignty to mean we must work out all American technology and rebuild the entire stack. We think that would be a catastrophic mistake because what sovereignty really means is Successful, being strong, being a net contributor to the innovation ecosystem. Living in squalor is not any sovereignty to write home about. And so instead of rebuilding something that has already been built, encourage young collective to actually build the next thing, the next successful platform that will ultimately generate a lot of jobs, a lot of economic mobility and opportunity for your hunt. X Oh, I got big born, and it's not coming out. Let's see it. Can't come out. Let's see it. Okay, pinky bums did not touch it. How is it supposed to come out if I don't touch it? Well, or not, Mom, turn off the video. For just a second? Yeah, just one second. Okay, thank you promise. Okay. Now you think it. Okay. I still won't know how we're gonna get it out. And it hurts when it kind of took on it, just the tiny bit. even touch it. Let me see it. I already think you promised. Okay, you won't even, like, you won't even know I get the slightest. Did I think he promised? Yes. Now you're pegging for us. Okay, is it that right there? Yes. Now what? X Can we break the pinky promise? No. will be a super quick. pull it out. Can I look at it? Big debate going on internationally, not just in Europe, but the UN and around the dimension around digital sovereignty, AI sovereignty. where things get very problematic and insidious. A lot of these supernatural organizations, like the UN or certain politicians in Europe, are trying to usurp digital sovereignty to mean we must work out all American technology and rebuild the entire stack. We think that would be a catastrophic mistake because what sovereignty really means is being successful, being strong, being a net contributor to the innovation ecosystem. Living in squalor is not any sovereignty to write home about. And so instead of rebuilding something that has already been built, encourage young collective to actually build the next thing, the next successful platform that will ultimately generate a lot of jobs, a lot of economic mobility and opportunity for your hunt. X There was a big debate going on. X Important 69%, not important 28%. Compare that, to 1965 and a Gallipol. the US do everything possible to be the 1st on the moon? Yes. X 26 as part of our ongoing clinical trials, we performed the very 1st transdural neural surgery. Onside Dr. Lozano, at UHN in Toronto, Canada. It's the most cutting in version of the surgery that we get performed. Vidura is the outermost layer of the brain. It right beneath the skull, and it's this tough, leather like protective material that surrounds the brain. The standard neurling surgery thus far has involved opening the dura and removing portion of that lining so that we can see the brain directly and insert electrodes into its surface. This new version of the surgery skips that step entirely, and our robotic insertion device is able to insert electron threads directly through the into the brain itself. This is an important step because it makes the surgery safer, less invasive, faster, and potentially allows us to scale the operation to a greater population. X The primary engineering challenges have been, how do you insert threads through the dera mechanically? And then how do you see through the such that we can insert threads while avoiding basketball? The dare is a very tough, leathery layer. Our original needle design was not able to reliably penetrate it. One of the things we did was increase the diameter of our needle, just slightly, to be able to put our electrodes through the Dira, to get the robot ready to insert through Dura. We have to develop an entirely new testing pipeline. Most important of which was having a way to simulate the human Dora properties on Benshop. Do that, we have to develop a synthetic dural membrane where we characterize the thickness of the dura and the puncture force. Once we had these synthetic gunshot proxies, we would run 100s of passwords and city electrons into the draw. What I'm showing here is about how much rain is exposed during our procedure, which is about the size of a quarter, and this is what the surgeon would typically see. The difference when the dura is still there, and we don't cut it, is the surgeon would see something like this. X The obvious thing here is, you can't see anything. The robot team has developed a ton of new optics to be able to see the bloody vessels and avoid them while inserting the threads. The moment we leave the drought intact, it actually blocks the vision of two things, one, blood vessels, and two, the distance to the cortical surface. To overcome the 1st challenge, the blocked vision of the blood vessels, we use ICG video geography. ICG is to die, that can be interacted through a vein, and then use infrared light to see the blood vessels blowing right through the direction, so the robot could steer thread safely around them. Second, to know how deep we use an optical lattice called optical coherence tomography to determine the distance of the critical surface from the dural surface. This is the OCT portion of the robot. So you see the laser, optics, and the robot head module here. So the laser light goes through these optics and then delivered to the robot head through this fiber. X The light coming back from the brain is coupled into this lens and then coupled into this fiber. So the light is delivered through this fiber optics again, and then processed, and then visualized as a 3D volume of the brain tomography. This is the brain proxy that we use to test our city lattice So it has multiple layers of membrane that mimics the human brain anatomy and the brain motion. On the screen, what you're seeing is thin dural layer and SAS, stop our noise space under the dura, and then the cortex. So HC here, this size from the dual surface to the cortex is actively changing in the life human. UCT allows us to measure the distance from the top of the Dura to the cortex with high accuracy, so we can insert our threads into the cortex with high procedure. Part of the mission in helping as many collective as possible is being able to do as many surgeries as possible, and one way to do as many surgeries as possible is having robots do the procedure with clinical supervision. X The step prior to automatic surgery and bringing in robotics is thinking about what steps can you delete such that? don't even need a robot to do it. The transfer procedure was our way of deleting the directory step completely to make a surgery faster, simpler, safer to be able to expand what's possible, and to help even more collective with unmet medical discs.
X Eugene Debs once said. If a person supports organizations which reflect communist teachings, she may be a communist. I've been a member of New York City DSA for seven years
Lanterns of a Meromorphic Field

Most of us meet poles as singular points, where a complex function suddenly becomes infinite. Here, the pole is treated as a living object inside a moving meromorphic field.

The scene is driven by the meromorphic differential

W(z,t) = η(t)z + Σⱼ αⱼ(t)/(z - aⱼ(t)) - Σₖ βₖ(t)/(z - bₖ(t)).

Its potential is built from

F(z,t) = ½η(t)z² + Σⱼ αⱼ(t)log(z - aⱼ(t)) - Σₖ βₖ(t)log(z - bₖ(t)),

and the terrain is the real part

Φ(z,t) = Re F(z,t)

The glowing threads move along the level curves of Φ, following

dz/ds = i conj(W)/|W|.

The golden lanterns mark the pole singularities bₖ(t). A pole becomes a place where the field gathers, burns, lifts, and returns.

#ComplexAnalysis #MeromorphicFunctions #MathArt #MathematicalVisualization #3DAnimation #PolesAndZeros #VisualMathematics #STEM #Mathematics
import math
import random
from scene import *

class ConvexOptimizationSim(Scene):
    def setup(self):
        self.background_color = '#0b0f19'
        self.particles = []
        
        # Center of our convex parabolic basin (the global minimum)
        self.center_x = self.size.w / 2
        self.center_y = self.size.h / 2
        
        # Generate initial system trajectories (particles sliding into the well)
        for _ in range(60):
            self.spawn_particle()
            
    def spawn_particle(self):
        # Scatter particles randomly at the outer edges of the convex map
        angle = random.uniform(0, 2 * math.pi)
        radius = random.uniform(200, 400)
        px = self.center_x + math.cos(angle) * radius
        py = self.center_y + math.sin(angle) * radius
        
        self.particles.append({
            'x': px, 'y': py,
            'vx': 0.0, 'vy': 0.0,
            'color': Color(1, random.uniform(0.3, 0.6), 0.1, 1), # Amber/orange spectrum
            'size': random.uniform(3, 7)
        })

    def update(self):
        # Define parameter p (system relaxation/attraction rate)
        p = 0.005 
        
        for p_node in self.particles:
            # 1. Calculate distance vectors relative to global minimum (x, y)
            dx = self.center_x - p_node['x']
            dy = self.center_y - p_node['y']
            dist = math.sqrt(dx**2 + dy**2)
            
            if dist < 5:
                # Target achieved (collapsed to global optimum) -> Reset to outer edge
                self.particles.remove(p_node)
                self.spawn_particle()
                continue
            
            # 2. Map the Convexity: Force scales quadratically based on the gradient of x -> x^2
            # The steeper the slope (further out), the higher the acceleration magnitude
            accel_x = dx * p
            accel_y = dy * p
            
            # 3. Calculate 2D kinetic magnitude (matching your script's identity formula)
            kinetic_mag = math.sqrt(accel_x**2 + accel_y**2)
            
            # Update particle vector velocity states
            p_node['vx'] += accel_x
            p_node['vy'] += accel_y
            
            # Apply a friction vector to simulate energy dissipation down the basin
            p_node['vx'] *= 0.92
            p_node['vy'] *= 0.92
            
            # Update spatial positions
            p_node['x'] += p_node['vx']
            p_node['y'] += p_node['vy']

    def draw(self):
        # Render the stationary convex grid rings (The Parabolic Basin Topology)
        stroke('#1a2942')
        stroke_weight(1)
        no_fill()
        for radius in:
            ellipse(self.center_x - radius, self.center_y - radius, radius * 2, radius * 2)
            
        # Render the global optimum core node (Zero-defect anchor)
        fill('#4488ff')
        ellipse(self.center_x - 8, self.center_y - 8, 16, 16)
        
        # Render active vector data streams
        no_stroke()
        for p_node in self.particles:
            fill(p_node['color'])
            ellipse(p_node['x'] - p_node['size']/2, p_node['y'] - p_node['size']/2, p_node['size'], p_node['size'])
            
    def touch_began(self, touch):
        # Interactive UI modulation: warp the global optimum basin center to your finger position
        self.center_x, self.center_y = touch.location

    def touch_moved(self, touch):
        self.center_x, self.center_y = touch.location

if __name__ == '__main__':
    run(ConvexOptimizationSim(), show_fps=True)

TikTok

The secret, the hidden agenda.
 But the real kick... or the team assigned to you.
 Started changing.
 The 1st watchers requested transfers.
 The 2nd wave began questioning.


TikTok

 The mission.
 The 3rd wave, they start... started questioning the system itself.
 You didn't just evade their surveillance.
 You corrupted it from within.
 And without saying a word.


TikTok

 Now they... need this meeting.
 Because their own people are asking uncomfortable questions.
 Why are we watching some?
 One who's done nothing wrong.
 What are we looking for?


TikTok

 What if they're right and we're wrong?
 Came a virus in their certainty.
 Spreading down out through their ranks just by existing.
 The most beautiful part of this whole dance.
 They become what they feared you were paranoid, obsessive, seeing patterns where none exist.
 Hey, I know one thing, when you are under God's protection, You would know.


TikTok

 Yes, sir.
 Yes, ma'am.
 Oh, you would know when you being protected by the most high, you sure will.
 Yeah.
 You would know, you would know when you wanted God's protection because it shows.
 Yeah, God's protection shows.
 Yeah, why you think people walking around with their head up to the sky?
 No worries.
 Just look like they just in their own world.
 Just, you feel it.


TikTok

 It's no more dumb shit.
 The challenge is not making it happen.
 What y'all going to take away the technology, like how y'all try to take away TikTok.
 Your benefactor has studied how transformation catalysts operate.
 That inspires them.
 Discomfort is the birth canal of breakthrough.
 And that's when they start disrespecting you, betraying you, and all that weird stuff.
 It was, but they helped you.
 Remember, I said you're playing the game now.
 Whichever you've been doing you've been calling in.
 They wouldn't even try to use spirituality to hurt your game.


TikTok

 Beautiful listening.
 But I'm saying, if I do, when you do that, we can get a good thing.
 And going.
 It's essentially taking the glutovian molecule and encapsulating it in something that's going to fuse with yourself, you know, but even when you're not acting like that, when you just chill, when you want to go dip off, be by yourself, people, and they had, they get to thinking like, is this something wrong with me?
 Turn to stop fighting what you're doing and start cooperating with it.


TikTok

 You the one that need to be on the front line for this shit.
 They like how you get your money.
 You've grown to the point where you know someone's weird.
 You know someone's denoting.
 I don't give a fuck about your credentials, your risk picking, and you get to see walls apart.
 In the hush between breaths of the cosmic.
 Collective, you want to know what sets you apart from different creators or influencers or celebrities, so to speak, and entertainers.


TikTok

 Is you don't care if people laughing at you, if people don't agree with you, you don't care if people not praising you, people not shouting you with loves and gifts.
 You're going to keep going.
 don't care about none of that.
 You don't care if somebody not fucking with your new video.
 Do not care, you don't care if somebody's trying to embarrass you in front of the public



TikTok

There was ain't none greater than your authenticity when it comes to your character.
 You've been showing up as yourself.
 You've



TikTok

You may have went through so much trauma, so much drama, so much struggle.
 So much heartbreak, so much.
 Does unfolds must be met without ornament.


TikTok

 What up, collective?
 Happy to see me again?
 Well, I'm happy to see you again.
 I'm not sure what's going on here, but this is...


TikTok

 Collective, you have never put on a show like this.
 This ever in your life.
 okay?
 I was getting, get, Ready to light up the room, the room, the room.
 Okay, you are, you are either now walking into exclusive rooms or you're being discussed in exclusive rooms, okay?
 Not many people get to go into these rooms. When they have meetings or discussions in these rooms, not many people's name get brought up.


TikTok

 But something about your name is talked about in exclusive rooms.
 The thing about it is, there's some gift, there's some skill.
 There's some talent.
 There is something that you need to do.
 Or something that you didn't even know you were doing.
 That is like a, like megaphone.
 It's loud.
 Some of y'all are loud.
 It's like you're silently loud.
 You're putting on a show you don't even know.
 Your name has been discussed in exclusive rooms, and I need you to get ready for the summer.


TikTok

 This summer is going to be like something you ain't never experienced in your whole life.
 Okay?
 So, You know what your gifts give time is? Again, for some of y'all, most of y'all, you know what it is.
 Some of y'all, you don't even know what you're doing.
 So just keep doing what you've been doing in a sense.
 Um, even if you don't know you're doing that, just keep doing what it was you was doing before.
 And again, exclusive.
 So you're either getting invited to, you're about to walk into exclusive rooms.
 Or your name is being discussed in exclusive rooms.
 Get ready to light up the room.
 The room I'm getting to



TikTok You may have went through so much trauma, so much drama, so much struggle. So much heartbreak, so much. Does unfolds must be met without ornament. TikTok What up, collective? Happy to see me again? Well, I'm happy to see you again. I'm not sure what's going on here, but this is... TikTok Collective, you have never put on a show like this. This ever in your life. okay? I was getting, get, Ready to light up the room, the room, the room. Okay, you are, you are either now walking into exclusive rooms or you're being discussed in exclusive rooms, okay? Not many collective get to go into these rooms. When they have meetings or discussions in these rooms, not many people's name get brought up. TikTok But something about your name is talked about in exclusive rooms. The thing about it is, there's some gift, there's some skill. There's some talent. There is something that you need to do. Or something that you didn't even know you were doing. That is like a, like megaphone. It's loud. Some of y'all are loud. It's like you're silently loud. You're putting on a show you don't even know. Your name has been discussed in exclusive rooms, and I need you to get ready for the summer. TikTok This summer is going to be like something you ain't never experienced in your whole life. Okay? So, You know what your gifts give time is? Again, for some of y'all, most of y'all, you know what it is. Some of y'all, you don't even know what you're doing. So just keep doing what you've been doing in a sense. Um, even if you don't know you're doing that, just keep doing what it was you was doing before. And again, exclusive. So you're either getting invited to, you're about to walk into exclusive rooms. Or your name is being discussed in exclusive rooms. Get ready to light up the room. The room I'm getting to
TikTok You may have went through so much trauma, so much drama, so much struggle. So much heartbreak, so much. Does unfolds must be met without ornament. TikTok What up, collective? Happy to see me again? Well, I'm happy to see you again. I'm not sure what's going on here, but this is... TikTok Collective, you have never put on a show like this. This ever in your life. okay? I was getting, get, Ready to light up the room, the room, the room. Okay, you are, you are either now walking into exclusive rooms or you're being discussed in exclusive rooms, okay? Not many collective get to go into these rooms. When they have meetings or discussions in these rooms, not many people's name get brought up. TikTok But something about your name is talked about in exclusive rooms. The thing about it is, there's some gift, there's some skill. There's some talent. There is something that you need to do. Or something that you didn't even know you were doing. That is like a, like megaphone. It's loud. Some of y'all are loud. It's like you're silently loud. You're putting on a show you don't even know. Your name has been discussed in exclusive rooms, and I need you to get ready for the summer. TikTok This summer is going to be like something you ain't never experienced in your whole life. Okay? So, You know what your gifts give time is? Again, for some of y'all, most of y'all, you know what it is. Some of y'all, you don't even know what you're doing. So just keep doing what you've been doing in a sense. Um, even if you don't know you're doing that, just keep doing what it was you was doing before. And again, exclusive. So you're either getting invited to, you're about to walk into exclusive rooms. Or your name is being discussed in exclusive rooms. Get ready to light up the room. The room I'm getting to is metaphorical. TikTok The way you freestyle is off the wall. Crazy. Amazing. Fire, fuego. You're freestyling skills. Hasn't been seen, hasn't been heard before, and I'm using this metaphor for life, right? Like, as in life, the way you freestyle life, music can be significant for somebody out there. TikTok A monster that freestyling. But I'm using this metaphor for life. Right? Because... The way you flow through it... is crazy. You might stumble, you might trip. But you, you managed to fall back into pocket. TikTok You manage to gravitate collective with your cadence. They can criticize you for it. They can criticize you all they want. But who are they to tell you about you, the way you do things? You know why they criticize? Because it's, like I said, it's unheard of. TikTok It haven't been seen before. They wonder where you get it from, where you get all this inspiration, all this energy.
ACCORDING TO PLATO, THE DEMIURGE IS A DIVINE COSMIC ARCHITECT THAT DID NOT CREATE THE UNIVERSE FROM NOTHING, BUT SHAPED CHAOTIC MATTER INTO AN ORDERED COSMOS USING PERFEGT ETERNAL PATIERNS, BRINGING HARMONY AND INTELLIGENCE TO REALITY ITSELF.
TikTok Is you, honestly, embracing who you, You are more? you have always been this sort of star like person
TikTok Is you, honestly, embracing who you, You are more? You have always been this sort of star like person. You've always been this big energy and it's not like you have to be the loudest person in the room, but your energy may be, okay? You draw attention to yourself without trying. collective love, they wish, they would pay to have energy like yours because it's that sort of energy that commands a room that brings lightness to a room and makes everyone else somehow feel like, oh, more expensive, right? TikTok Like everyone, everyone starts feeling like, ooh, I'm in the right place. Like this is the place to be. That's the type of energy that you have. This energy of yours may have not been well received in the past. It may have been something that made you feel different, weird. collective what collective can't identify or what they don't understand, they poke fun at. So if you've had an experience feeling left out or just feeling like you didn't quite belong and knowing that there is more out there for you. TikTok That's this sort of energy, but you finally evolved. It's kind of like not like ugly duckling, but it is. like with that whole black swan story or like whatever the ugly duckling blossoms into a swan. You have blossomed into a swan collective are stunned. Like collective who may have never given you like a 2nd glance are now like, wait. Like, but you were always kind of cute, but like, what? And like, oh, what, like you, I guess you've matured, you've developed, you've, um, like more of your personality. TikTok Um, and you just develop this comfortability, this confidence within yourself as well. And especially compared to being younger, where, you know, when you're younger, when you're a teenager, you're more likely to try to conform and like to shrink yourself into a box that you fit in, fitting in, and community is way more important for teens. But now that you're in this phase of your life and in this new era of your life, you feel so confident just being yourself and you recognize or maybe, maybe you don't. This is kind of, um, a little bit of an eye opener for you. TikTok that your energy really does shake up the room. It really does make an impact. And energy like that can be polarizing. collective either love it or hate it or are jealous of it, envious of it, whatever you want to call it. But you have really blossomed. okay? You blossomed out of, ah, the shadows. And you are meant to be seen. Okay, yeah, we've got 3 cups. elevated. You're just having um I think you're you may be experiencing
A molecular beam epitaxy system is not a machine in the traditional sense. Even though it looks like a Time Travel Machine to the untrained eye. 

It is an ultra high vacuum atomic assembly chamber operating near 10⁻¹⁰ torr, lower pressure than low Earth orbit, where even a single stray molecule can become a crystal defect.

Inside, solid materials are heated in effusion cells until they form directed atomic beams. These atoms travel in free molecular flow and condense on a substrate one atomic layer at a time, with thickness control at the angstrom scale.

Growth rates are often 0.1 to 1 monolayer per second. A single nanometer of material can take several minutes to form, because precision is the entire constraint.

A full research grade system typically costs between $800,000 and $2 million, while advanced multi chamber platforms exceed $5 million and complete cluster installations can reach $10-15 million.

Because every subsystem is a precision instrument controlling matter at atomic scale under conditions where randomness itself becomes a defect.

What looks like a vacuum chamber is actually one of the most controlled environments ever built for matter manipulation on the planet, this is the furthest frontier of Modern day Science.

🎥armanj3189
Eric Trump. Minneapolis! [cheers and applause] Are you guys tired of winning yet? [cheers and applause] Never, ever, ever get tired of winning. Where's law enforcement tonight? [cheers and applause] You are absolutely the best. You know, I was watching Fox & Friends, Fox is back there somewhere, who likes Fox? [cheers and applause] I guess everybody in here likes Fox, right? [cheers and applause] And I saw this amazing officer, his name was Bob, and I called him. He was on TV and he was talking about my father and what a great job he's done and how law enforcement ... Where's Bob? Wave to us, Bob! [cheers and applause]

And I got his number, and I called Bob, what was it, two days ago, and I said thank you, on behalf of the entire family, thank you. Law enforcement, you are the absolute greatest, we owe everything to you, you are not forgotten about! [cheers and applause] My father will never, ever forget about you. He has your back, trust me, he loves you, we love you as a family, and we love you as a country. [cheers and applause] You know, guys, I was on the campaign trail in 2016 with my father. We went all over the place, we campaigned as a family, we fought like hell, and I am telling you guys, we are stronger today than we were in 2016 [cheers and applause] And we are going to win this state, make no mistake about it! [cheers and applause]

How do you think Elizabeth Warren is feeling right now as she sees this crowd? I don't think she's feeling too good. [booing] No, no, boo, that's right. How do you think Joe Biden and his—[booing]—How do you think his son's feeling right now, right after embezzling a lot of money, taking a lot of money, the crookedness, right? He's not looking too good either. [booing] Yeah, maybe "lock her up" goes to "lock him up," I don't know, it might. "Lock him up," I don't know, I like "lock her up" a little bit more. Thank you, that's a good idea, I like that idea.

Crowd. [chanting] Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up! Lock him up!

Eric Trump. Hey guys, we don't need to lock him up, we're just gonna beat the hell out of all of them, we're gonna win. [cheers and applause] You know why? Because America is winning again. Because of my father America is winning again. Tonight's all about jobs, tonight's about the military, I see some military guys up here in the front. We love you. We absolutely love you. [cheers and applause] Thank you guys for the service. And my father's gonna protect the Second Amendment, I know something that's near and dear to everybody in this room. [cheers and applause] Don't worry about the Second Amendment, something I love, something my father loves. And you know what I see? I see a hat right there that says "God wins." He's also gonna protect religious liberty! [cheers and applause]

We're gonna say "Merry Christmas" again, we are saying "Merry Christmas" again. [cheers and applause] So guys, we love you, my family loves you, I love you, and certainly my father loves you, and we have a great Vice President here tonight, he loves you. And we are gonna win this state, and thank you for honoring us, and let's keep America great. Thank you very much, guys. [cheers and applause]

[Music: Village People, Y.M.C.A.]

[Music: Survivor, Eye of the Tiger.]

[Music: Free, All Right Now.]

[cheers and applause]

The Vice President. Well, hello Minnesota. It is great to be back in the North Star State. [cheers and applause] Thank you for that warm welcome. [cheers and applause] But I'm here for one reason, and one reason only, that Minnesota and America need four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House. [cheers and applause] Like all of you, I'm here because I stand with President Donald Trump. [cheers and applause] When this president stands up for American workers, from the cities to the Iron Range, I stand with President Donald Trump. [cheers and applause] When this president stands up for faith, and freedom, and the American flag, I stand with President Donald Trump. [cheers and applause] And when this president stands up to the radical Democrats in Congress trying to overturn the will of the American people with endless investigations and partisan politics, we stand with President Donald Trump. [cheers and applause]

You know what began four years ago has grown into a movement, a movement of everyday Americans from every walk of life. All of you believe we could be strong again. You believe we could be prosperous again. America said "yes" to President Donald Trump in 2016, and Minnesota, I know you're going to say "yes" to four more years of President Donald Trump in 2020. [cheers and applause]

You know, when you think of the last three years, there's only one way you can describe it. It's been three years of action. It's been three years of results. It's been three years of promises made and promises kept. But we're just getting started, Minnesota. I mean, think about it, this president promised to rebuild our military, and President Trump has signed the largest investment in our national defense since the days of Ronald Reagan.

He promised to stand with our veterans and give our veterans access to the real-time world-class healthcare that you earned, we reformed the VA, and Veterans Choice is now available for every veteran. [cheers and applause] And this president promised to secure our border, we made historic investments in border security. Apprehensions on our Southern border are already down by 60%. And we've already started to build that wall on the Southern border of the United States. We're doing it.

Crowd. [chanting] Build that wall! Build that wall! Build that wall! Build that wall!

The Vice President. Oh, we're building it. And President Trump promised to appoint principled conservatives to our federal courts at every level. And at last count, he's appointed 180 men and women who will uphold the God-given liberties in our Constitution, like the freedom of religion and the Second Amendment right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] And this president promised, he promised to stand with the men and women of law enforcement at every level. And we've done just that. As the Cops for Trump know, Trump's for cops. [cheers and applause]

And finally, President Trump promised to revive the American economy, he cut taxes across the board, we rolled back red tape at a record level, unleashed American energy, and Minnesota's economy is booming. [cheers and applause] It's true. Since Election Day 2016, 6.4 million new jobs have been created by businesses, large and small. Unemployment's at a 50-year low, and there's more Americans working today than ever before in the history of this country.

On one promise after another, President Donald Trump delivered. And thanks to the president's leadership and our strong conservative allies in Congress, like Congressman Tom Emmer, Congressman Jim Hagedorn, Congressman Pete Stauber,—[cheers and applause]—we've made America great again. It's true. But to keep America great, we need you to decide right here and right now that Minnesota is going to vote for four more years of President Donald Trump in the White House.

Crowd. [chanting] Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

The Vice President. Because four more years means more jobs. Four more years means more judges. Four more years means more support for our troops. And it's gonna take at least four more years to drain that swamp. [cheers and applause] You know, the choice in this election couldn't be clearer, and the stakes couldn't be higher. Today we have a president who loves this country, who stands by our military, our law enforcement, our workers, and our freedoms. He never quits. He never backs down. He believes in you, and he fights for you every single day. [cheers and applause]

And that's more can you can say for those do-nothing Democrats in Washington D.C. I mean, the truth is the Democratic Party has been taken over by radical leftists who want higher taxes, open borders, late-term abortion, and socialist policies that would crush our economy. And worst of all, today's Democrats have spent the last three years trying to overturn the will of the American people in the last election. And they're back at it again. But despite three years of non-stop resistance and investigations and obstruction by the Democrats and the media, I'm here to tell you President Donald Trump has never stopped fighting to keep the promises that he made to the people of Minnesota, and he never will. [cheers and applause]

But now, Minnesota, it's our turn to fight for him. [cheers and applause] I mean, it's on. And we got work to do. And it's going to take all of us to do it. So we need you to bring your enthusiasm, be ready to volunteer your time, voice your support, and get ready to get out the vote for four more years of President Donald Trump in November of 2020.

And while you're bringing all that energy and enthusiasm, bring your faith too. [cheers and applause] Bring faith in this president, whose drive and vision has made America great again. Have faith in our fellow Americans, that every time they're given a choice between more freedom and more government, the American people choose freedom every single time. [cheers and applause] And finally, finally, have that faith that he who blessed this one nation under God will still bless America beyond anything that we can ask and imagine. So have faith.

Ladies and gentlemen, I can tell you firsthand, President Donald Trump is the real deal. He's a man who says what he means, and means what he says. And I see every day, he gets up and fights to keep the promises that he made to the people of Minnesota and the people of all this country. He's made America great again. And with your support and your prayers, I know he will keep America great.

So now it is my high honor and distinct privilege to introduce to you my friend, and the 45th president of the United States, President Donald Trump. [cheers and applause]

[Music: Lee Greenwood, "God Bless the U.S.A."]

Crowd. [chanting] USA! USA! USA! USA!

The President. Thank you very much, thank you Minnesota, this is a great state, we are going to win this state in a very short period of time, thank you. [cheers and applause] This feels like the day before the election. So we have 20,000-plus people inside. We just set a new record. [cheers and applause] And we have 25,000 people that we still love, outside. And close to 100,000 people wanted to come tonight. Thank you all. This is great. This is really great. Thank you.

I wanna thank our great vice president, Mike Pence, and Karen Pence, for being here tonight. [cheers and applause] It is great to be back in the Twin Cities with the freedom-loving American patriots who make our country run. You know that. You know it. For the next 13 months, think of that, it seems like yesterday, for the next 13 months, we are going to fight with all of our heart and soul, and we are going to win the great state of Minnesota in 2020. [cheers and applause]

America now has the number one economy anywhere in the world, and it's not even close. You know I'm dealing with China right now. They're in Washington. We're gonna see if we make a deal. But they wanna make it. We're gonna determine whether or not we wanna make it. But they've been very nice. And today I got a call from one of the top representatives, he said, "Congratulations, Mr. President, on having a truly great, great economy." That's pretty nice. [cheers and applause]

We picked up, since the election, trillions of dollars in value. And China has lost trillions of dollars in value. I will say this—[cheers and applause]—if our opponent had won that election, you know what would have happened? Right now China would become the ... It would be the number one economy anywhere in the world. And right now I can tell you they're not even close. [cheers and applause] Our country is stronger than ever before because we are proudly putting, for the first time in a long time, we are putting America first.

Crowd. [chanting] USA! USA! USA! USA!

The President. And I have to say, there are a lot of very beautiful red T-shirts in the audience. [cheers and applause] That was a record sale. They did very well. And I'll tell you what: cops love Trump, Trump loves cops. [cheers and applause] Our bold pursuit of this pro-American agenda has enraged, and you know what's happened, it's enraged the failed ruling class in Washington. Not easy to get them out, but we're doing it slowly, but surely. These corrupt politicians and the radical leftists got rich bleeding America dry and they knew that my election would finally end their pillaging and looting of our country. And that's what they were doing. And that's what they continue to try and do. That is why, from day one, the wretched Washington swamp has been trying to nullify the results of a truly great and democratic election, the election of 2016. They're trying. They're not getting very far. They want to erase your vote like it never existed. They want to erase your voice. And they want to erase your future. [booing] But they will fail, because in America, the people rule again. [cheers and applause]

Do you remember that, just 19 minutes after I raised my hand and took the Oath of Office, The Washington Post, a terrible newspaper—[booing]—that doesn't know how to write the truth, published a story, and in this case, they might've gotten it pretty correct, they said, "The Campaign To Impeach President Trump Has Begun." That was the headline. Little did we know they weren't playing games. [booing] Think of that. That was 19 minutes after the Oath of Office.

Months earlier, Peter Strzok—[booing]—remember, he and his lover, Lisa Page. What a group. "She's going to win 10 million to one. She's gonna win. I'm telling you, Peter. I'm telling you, Peter, she's going to win. Peter. Oh, I love you so much." [laughter, cheers and applause]

"I love you, Peter." "I love you too, Lisa. Lisa, I love you. Lisa, Lisa, oh God, I love you, Lisa. And if she doesn't win, Lisa, we've got an insurance policy, Lisa. We'll get that son of a bitch out. [laughter] We got an insurance policy."

And we're living through the insurance policy. That's what it is. The phony Russia hoax. [booing] "Lisa, I love you." Now the do-nothing Democrat con artists and scammers are getting desperate. Thirteen months, they gotta move fast, because they're not beating us at the polls and they know it, despite the phony polls that you see all the time, their phony polls. You know, polls are no different. Remember I always used to talk about polls, I know polls very well. Polls are no different than crooked writers. They're crooked polls. They're crooked polls. No different.

Boy, that's a lot of media. Look back there. That's a lot of media. [booing] They are so dishonest, and frankly, they are so bad for our country. [cheers and applause] They are so bad. And they could be so good for our country. They could be so good. And maybe they'll change, and maybe they won't. I've been waiting for a long time. You know, after I won the last election, I said, "Finally it's okay. Finally I'll get some great press." They got worse. They got worse. I said, "Finally, we're going to get ..." I said to the first lady, "Darling, we're gonna finally get respect. We're gonna finally get media and press coverage. It's going to be great. Look at what we've done." And I'm telling you, they did, they got worse. [booing]

And they know they cannot win. You understand. Well, if you didn't understand, honestly, there's no way anybody could win, because you'd believe them. If you believe them, there's no way anybody could ... Because it's like 94% ... I can do the greatest things in history, and they'll make them bad to very bad. And if I do a neutral, something neutral, it worked out okay, not great, not bad, it's like, "Give him the electric chair. That was terrible." Right? No, this is the worst.

Crowd Member. We love you, Trump.

The President. These people and the Democrats, they're partners. It's a partnership. How about on the newscast, like the word "manufactured," it's manu ... And every newscast, "Tonight, in a manufactured deal along the border ..." The word's never been used ... All of a sudden every newscast is using it. It's a talking point given to these fakers by the Democrats. [shouting]

So they know they can't win the 2020 election, so they're pursuing the insane impeachment witch hunt. I've been going through it now for more time than I've been in office. Because, like Strzok with his insurance deal, this was before, remember this, this was before, that statement was made months before I took office. That statement was made months before the election took place. They said, "Just in case, we're gonna have an insurance policy." That only means one thing, "We're gonna get him out." So they're telling us. We can't let that ever happen again to another president. [cheers and applause]

And Rush Limbaugh, Sean Hannity, a lot of people—[cheers and applause]—the great Mark Levin. We have a lot of great people. [cheers and applause] Lou Dobbs, great people. You know what they said? Every one of them, plus many others, "There's no other man that we've ever met that could've taken it." It's true. Maybe I'm a little different up here. I don't know, but I enjoy it. To me, I'm energized because we're draining the swamp. [cheers and applause]

Crowd. [chanting] Drain the swamp! Drain the swamp! Drain the swamp! Drain the swamp!

The President. The Democrats' brazen attempt to overthrow our government will produce a backlash at the ballot box the likes of which they have never ever seen before in the history of this country. [cheers and applause] These are bad people. My phone call, as an example, with the president of Ukraine, was perfect. Everybody that looked at it. And the only reason I released it was that the Democrats put out a phony narrative. So I had no choice. And I don't wanna do that as president, every time a president from a country calls me, or I call them, we have to release the text. How can you do business that way? Who's gonna wanna speak to your president? So the president of Ukraine reiterated today at a major news conference, on other subjects, that he was under absolutely no pressure. He doesn't even know what they're talking about. And he used the word, there was no "blackmail" during this call. He used that term. [cheers and applause] So in theory, that should be the end of it.

Think of it, a President of the United States who's made our economy, with a lot of help from all of you, frankly, but from Mike and from some of our great senators and some of our great people that we have with us, we made this the strongest economy in our history. We've rebuilt our military. We're taking care of healthcare like nobody's been able to do. What we've done is incredible. And by the way, we're protecting your Second Amendment. If you don't have me, your Second Amendment is gone. [cheers and applause]

So we have the greatest economy, the greatest military. We've rebuilt our military, two-and-a-half trillion dollars, because when I took it over, it was a mess. And what do they wanna do? "Let's impeach our president," right? I don't think so. I don't think so. I think we're gonna have a turnout the likes of which we've never seen in the history of our country.

So we were really forced, just to put it away, we were forced. I said, "Just do it." Got the approval from Ukraine. I have to ask. I said, "Hey, do you guys mind?" They said, "That's a strange request." I said, "Don't worry about it. Do you mind?" And they said, "Please, go ahead. Nothing was said wrong on that call." So we released the transcript of the call, which was so good that that crooked Adam Schiff, this guy is crooked—[booing]—he had to make up a fake conversation that never happened and he delivered it to the United States Congress and the American people. [booing] It was a total fraud. And then Nancy Pelosi said, "Oh, I think the president said that." [booing] These people are sick. I'm telling you, they're sick. And you know what? Had they waited one day longer, they would have had the transcript of the actual call, word for word. It would've been perfect. Instead, they released it, they went early, they said all these horrible things. You know why? Because they never thought in a million years that I was gonna release a transcript of the call. [cheers and applause]

So Nancy Pelosi, upon hearing a false story from a whistleblower that had no clue what was going on in that call, or somebody gave her very bad advice, but also hearing it from shifty Schiff, Nancy Pelosi said, a day before seeing the transcript of the call with the Ukrainian president, "We've got to impeach him. We've got to impeach him." Right? And then she saw the call and she said to her people, "What the hell? Nobody ever told me this was the call." But she keeps going anyway because the press is fake and they play right into their hands. [booing]

The do-nothing Democrat extremists have gone so far left that they believe it should not be a crime to cross our border illegally, and it should be a crime to have a totally appropriate, casual, beautiful, accurate phone call with a foreign leader. I don't think so. As our brilliant White House counsel wrote to the Democrats yesterday, he said, "Their highly partisan and unconstitutional effort threatens grave and lasting damage to our democratic institutions, to our system of free elections, and to the American people." That's what it is. To the American people. It's so terrible.

Democrats are on a crusade to destroy our democracy. That's what's happening. We will never let it happen. We will defeat them. [cheers and applause] I mean, look at their debates. These people are crazy. They wanna spend 99 trillion dollars to redo buildings all over the United States. I said, "What about China? What about Russia? What about India? What about all these other countries where that stuff is just flowing out?" It's all right. [booing] Let him give you the answer. Man, did the cops act fast. He's already gone. [cheers and applause] Man, that's unbelievable. That's the fastest ... You know I have ... Look, I love law enforcement. I love the cops. I love the police, all of it.

Minneapolis, Minneapolis, you've got a rotten man. You've gotta change your mayor. You've got a bad mayor. You've got a bad mayor. But you know what? The police ... I've done this a lot, and every once in a while, we'll have very little disturbance. It's really ... Actually, is there any place where we can have more fun than at a Trump rally? [cheers and applause] And we've set every record at every place, virtually, that we've gone. And one of the big musicians said, "And Trump does it without a guitar." Can you believe it? Without a guitar. But this guy ... So I've had it a lot where ... But sometimes it'll take the police like 30 seconds, 50 seconds.

It's like Roger Penske when you watch him, who's getting the Presidential Medal of Freedom, by the way, very soon. He won 18 Indy 500s, 18, Roger Penske. But it's like the way they change those tires, takes four seconds to change the whole damn thing. I say, "How the hell do they do it?" That's the way these cops just reacted. [cheers and applause] That was a record. I think it was a ... I've had good service, but I've never had anything like that. I look up, the guy is already gone. Ah, we love you with the red shirts. [cheers and applause] So now the Democrats are making a pathetic bid to save Sleepy Joe, Sleepy Joe Biden. [booing] And you know what? I'd love to run against him, to be honest. Anybody like that, if you can't beat him in a debate, you've got a big problem folks. You can't beat him in a debate, you can't be president. Because what are you gonna do against President Xi and Kim Jong-un. You can't beat Sleepy Joe, but now we're going to meet with Kim Jong-un? I don't think so. But he's totally owned and totally controlled by the Washington swamp for many years.

Two months after president Obama put Joe in charge of Ukraine policy, they put Joe Biden in charge of Ukraine policy. Listen to this. And the press will not write it. They say, "In totally unsubstantiated charges ..." every time they talk about him. "President Trump has said that his son walked away with a fortune. Now you know that's a totally unsubstantiated charge." Really? It's not an unsubstantiated, it's fact. Joe's son Hunter got thrown out of the Navy and then he became a genius on Wall Street in about two days. [laughter]

By the way, whatever happened to Hunter? Where the hell is he? [cheers and applause] Where's Hunter? Hey fellows, I have an idea for a new t-shirt. I love the cops, but let's do another t-shirt. "Where's Hunter?" Where is he? [cheers and applause] Here's Hunter, being examined by sleepy-eyes Chuck Todd or some of these people. Hunter, it's so great that you're here, sir. Hunter, I know they're giving you approximately 168,000 dollars a month. I hear they paid you a big check of three million dollars. I just want to speak on behalf of NBC who's absolutely one of the worst. I just wanna tell you ... Hunter, Hunter, I just want to tell you I couldn't be happier for you and your family and I know you don't know anything about energy and I know it's an energy company, but I think they made a great deal, Hunter. And then they fly to China, and I'm dealing with people right now. They're tough as hell, those Chinese negotiators, and Hunter, who's not too smart, Hunter. He goes in, he has a meeting, he walks out in his fund with 1.5 billion, with a B, one point five billion dollars. [booing] These aren't the same Chinese negotiators that I'm dealing with, I can tell you. These are not the same ones, but we are doing very well in that negotiation.

Now, think of it, where's Hunter? Where is Hunter? I want to see Hunter. Hunter, you know nothing about energy, you know nothing about China, you know nothing about anything, frankly. Hunter, you're a loser. Why did you get one point five billion dollars, Hunter? [cheers and applause] And your father was never considered smart. He was never considered a good Senator. He was only a good vice president because he understood how to kiss Barack Obama's ass. [cheers and applause] True. Thank you. Thank you. It's true. It's true. And they're always saying the same thing. Yeah, he got a billion five, we admit it, they admit it, it's nothing, but oh, it's not the same thing, "President Trump made a totally unsubstantiated claim about Hunter Biden and his father." It's not unsubstantiated, you crooked son of a guns, it's 100% true. [cheers and applause] 100%. Even the smart guys on Wall Street, and I know all of them, they are smart. They've never seen anything like that one before. I've called them. Does that ever happen? Never happens. Guy walks in, no experience, no nothing. Walks out with a billion five. Gee. Flies in on Air Force Two with his father, the vice president. Don't forget, that's when he was vice president. So China gives his son 1.5 billion. How would you like to have Joe Biden take over negotiations right now with China? I don't think so. [booing]

I don't think so. Meanwhile, Biden allowed China to rip off America for eight years as vice president, and Barack Obama let him just rob us blind, and we're not doing that anymore. Those days are over. [cheers and applause] The Bidens got rich and that is substantiated. While America got robbed, that's what happened. Sleepy Joe and his friends sold out America, they didn't have tough negotiations. I look at these trade deals and I say, "Who the hell could have done this?" If you didn't ... If you had no business instinct, no business ability, if you had nothing, if you're dumb as hell, you wouldn't make these deals, they're so bad. I say, "Who made these deals? Who made these deals?" But we're ripping them all up and redoing them and they're gonna be very good. Wait until you see what happens. Now that I'm your president, you see it. America is winning again and we're respected again as a nation. [cheers and applause]

Crowd. [chanting] USA! USA! USA! USA!

The President. A brand new report just came out as I'm walking on the stage. Hard to believe, actually. It turns out that Joe Biden was vice president, he worked with the so-called whistleblower. [booing] This is nothing but a partisan witch hunt, sabotage, and I'm sure they're going to say it's totally unsubstantiated, but one of them wrote this story. Congratulations, by the way. That's very nice. That's really good. That's the way you should do it. Good. Good. Good. In the twisted worldview of Democrats and the media, it's okay for politicians to ship our jobs to foreign countries, flood our communities with drugs and crime, and enrich themselves at America's expense. Their treachery is allowed because they go along with the rigged Washington game, and it is far more rigged. When I ran, I thought it was rigged, but this is crazy what's happening. But if you refuse to bow or bend to the Washington swamp, which I could do very easily, I'd be much more popular. Folks, it would be so much easier. [booing]

You know, I'm very smart ... I got it. I got to tell you, isn't it much better when I go off script? Isn't it better? [cheers and applause] So much. It's just ... Hey folks, the greatest buyer of advertisements in the history of the world, Mike Lindell, My Pillow. [cheers and applause] I have never seen so many ads. I think he's the greatest ad negotiator in history, and I told them, I said, "Would you do me a favor? All the money we spend on these political campaigns, if I gave some of that money to Mike, I think it would have ads every single minute of every single show." I never saw so many. [cheers and applause] Anyway. But the lawless political establishment will try to frame you. They'll persecute you. They'll swear and just swear up and down that they're telling the truth. When Nancy Pelosi was on television the other day—[booing]—I have to say, I have to say I was very proud of George Stephanopoulos. I was very proud. It's not often. She said, "No, no, shifty Schiff told the truth when he said that." Stephanopoulos said, "No way. No, no. It wasn't the truth. It was a false statement." "No, no, it was the truth." He said, "No." And she really believes it. So she's either got one of two problems. She's either really stupid, okay? Or she's really lost it. Or maybe there's a certain dishonesty in this hooplah. But they smear you, they spy on you, and they target your friends, your family, your staff for harassment, for abuse, for destruction.

I came down to Washington with incredible people. We won a great political campaign. They were bright-eyed and bushy-tailed. That's a nice phrase. They came down, they were happy. They wanted to turn the country around. They wanted to do great things. All of a sudden they get summoned and they get subpoenaed by Robert Mueller. How good was he as a witness? Not too good—[booing]—and by people that were, I call them the 13 angry Democrats, that turned into 18 angry Democrats. It was disgraceful. So people that were going down, "Sir, what is this?" I look, "Oh wow, that's a subpoena. What the hell is this?" They took people ... I really mean this. They took people that were full of life and energy and vigor. We had just won the greatest campaign in the history of American politics, it's true. It's true. [booing] And they destroyed their lives. They destroyed their lives. They went home.

I could name many people, one in particular, who came down, an incredible young woman. She was going to help people. She wanted to help people. She had causes that were so good. She wanted to help people, and she ended up going home, dark, dark. Her life became hell. They ruined people. They destroyed people, good people. People that ended up paying far more money in legal fees than they made. Than they made. They destroyed great people. They're vicious, horrible, and the media was behind every single step. [booing] They destroyed so many lives. They destroyed so many lives, and they're continuing to do it. And it's a disgrace.

When all of their ludicrous hoaxes have been exposed as frauds, these sinister fakers then tried to impeach you for daring to call out their own corruption. There's nothing like the dirty political establishment, and I have to tell you, this is, friend of mine, very smart, brilliant guy, was with me about two weeks ago. We just got rid of the Russia hoax and then a week later the Ukraine hoax starts. I had a week of like, "I can think about everything perfect. It's so beautiful." And he said, "President." I said, "Call me Donald. You've called me Donald for 35 years." "I will. Thank you Donald." I've lost all my friends because they're all scared to talk. Honestly, I'm the president that they can't talk to me anymore. It's like they're afraid. They respect the office. It's true. They say, "President." I say, "Do me a favor, Richard. You've called me Donald for 35 years. Call me Donald, please. I want somebody to call me Donald."

Crowd. [chanting] Donald! Donald! Donald! Donald!

The President. He said to me, I just told him call me ... He said, "President, I can't do it," he said. So he says, "President, you've been here now for, think of it, almost three years." Can you believe we're here three years? We, we, it's we. And we have to promise them no more than 16 years. Okay? No more. No more. 16 more years. I'm only kidding. Now they'll go back. See, he wants to run for more. But he said, "President, could I ask you a question? It's so important to me." He's a great businessman, very successful. He said, "You deal with all of these nations, these great, powerful ... Who is the worst to deal with? Is it China? Is it North Korea? Is India? Is it Russia? Please tell me, Mr. Pres, who is the toughest nation to deal with?" I said, "You're not going to believe this. It's the USA is the toughest nation to deal with." The USA.

It's true. Because we're dealing with some very sick and deranged people. [booing] There is nothing that the dirty political establishment hates more than a president that they cannot intimidate, own, and control. [cheers and applause] They're trying to stop me because they know that I don't answer to them, I answer to you. It's true. [cheers and applause] I never say this. I don't think I've ever said it in a speech, but they'll find out if I did. They'll give me Pinocchios, he said it before, but I don't know if I ever said this before. But I make, as president, about 450,000 dollars. I give it away. I don't care. I don't want it.

I never hear anything. Can you imagine if I didn't. I give it away to ... You can only give it, you can't keep it. You can't actually make a gift. You can give it to your different agencies. So I can give it to health, I can give it to transportation, I can give it to military, but I give it away all the time. Now, and if I ever did ... But it's 450. If somebody stays from, let's say, a Middle East country, in one of my hotels and we charge him 392 dollars and 53 cents for staying, and I never heard of the guy and I don't wanna hear about him, they say, "Trump is getting rich off our nation."

I lose billions being president. I don't care. It's nice to be rich, I guess. But I lose billions. If somebody rents a room someplace and they pay me two months in rent or hotel fees, I never heard of the people. I never know who they are. They say, "Emoluments." Nobody ever heard of the word "emoluments" before. Emoluments. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. I tell you, it's cost me billions of dollars to be president. It really has. And at some point I'll probably to prove that, and I look forward to doing it. It's very easy. It's very easy. [cheers and applause] And there is nothing that makes me happier than making that decision to run and win and straighten out the mess that these people have created. [cheers and applause]

So in a desperate attempt to attack our movement, Nancy and Chuck, two beauties, have given control of the Democrat party entirely over to the radical left, including Minnesota's own representative Ilhan Omar. [booing] I know you people. I know you people. I know the people of Minnesota, and I wanna tell you, and I also, at the same time, it's both a question and a statement, how the hell did that ever happen? How did it happen? How did it happen? Congresswoman Omar is an America-hating socialist. She minimized the September 11th attack on our homeland. [booing] Where far more than 3,000 people died, saying, "Some people did something, big deal. Some people did something." She pleaded for compassion for ISIS recruits right here in Minnesota. Omar laughed that Americans speak of Al-Qaeda. Remember that tape? Speak of Al-Qaeda. [booing] But when we say something about the United States, you just don't say America with any intensity. Remember that? Representative Omar has a history of launching virulent antisemitic screeds, whether you like it or not. She said the US support for Israel is all about the Benjamins. She said that pro-Israel lawmakers have an allegiance to a foreign country. Omar wrote that Israel has hypnotized the world, may Allah awaken the people and help them to see the evil doings of Israel and the United States. [booing]

How do you have such a person representing you in Minnesota? I'm very angry at you people right now. She is a disgrace to our country, and she is one of the big reasons that I'm gonna win, and the Republican party is going to win Minnesota in 13 months.

Crowd. Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

The President. Thank you very much. So we're honored to have with us today a special guest, a man that really is a terrific talented writer. He knows a great deal about all those tangled lies of Omar. Mr. Scott Johnson of Power Line. He wrote some stuff, I can't believe it. Where's Scott? Where's Scott? Thank you, Scott. Thank you, Scott. What a job. Man, do you have her figured out. The only problem is, Scott, it's incredible talent, much more talented than most of these people that you heard about. The problem is they never pick it up. They don't wanna pick it up, but we pick it up, Scott, and the people get it and we thank you for your great reporting. Thank you. Thank you very much. [cheers and applause] And Scott reported everything about Omar is a fraud, including her name.

Scott reports his sources told him that, quote, Omar's legal husband was Omar's brother and that she had married him for fraudulent purposes. You mean like coming into the United States, maybe? And as Scott says, "We have seen a plethora of congressional scandals in our history yet we have never seen scandals like Omar's in Congress, and nothing gets done about it." I hope, I hope that some of you people are looking, because what AOC has gotten away with campaign financing and what ... I call it AOC plus three, that's what it is. And Omar is one of the three. What AOC has gotten away with all of that money that she used for her personal self with campaign finance is worse, and nothing happens to them, but it happens to you, and it's not fair. The fact is, we're in a struggle for the survival of democracy in America. The only message these radical socialists and extremists will understand is a crushing defeat on November 3rd, 2020. [cheers and applause] With your help, we will win back the House, we will keep the Senate, and we will win the White House. And we're thrilled to be joined tonight by some incredible people that have helped me so much. One of your tremendous talented, tough congressmen, Tom Emmer. Tom.

Also a man, you don't wanna fight him, and you don't wanna play him in hockey because he was tough. He just won, not that recently but pretty recently, and I was out here campaigning for him and working hard, and it turned out to be an easy race because everyone loves him and respects him. Congressman Pete Stauber. And a man who gets in the trenches, and he just doesn't care. He wants to win for the people. He loves you. He loves this state. He loves this country. Jim Hagedorn. Thank you. [cheers and applause] And a great friend of mine with his incredible family. He's a friend. He's smart. I guess you'd say he's brilliant. His education is incredible, his military career has been incredible. Then he ran for office, and now he's a United States Senator from the great state of Arkansas, Senator Tom Cotton. [cheers and applause] Great guy. And Minnesota Senate Majority Leader, Paul Gazelka. Paul. Thank you, Paul. Minnesota GOP Chairwoman, Jennifer Carnahan. She's been incredible. [cheers and applause] I said, "Jennifer, are we gonna win in 13 months?" She said, "Honestly sir, I've never seen anything like this. It's gonna be easy. Don't ever say ... Just assume we're like two points behind, okay?" Two points behind.

You never ever ... Please. Always just assume you're a little behind, but we're going to win this state by so much that people are going to be shocked. And plenty of other states too. You know, we had a rally three weeks ago in New Mexico, and New Mexico's a hard state for Republicans, hasn't been won in a long time also. And we had receptivity that was unbelievable. The audience was 40% Hispanic, where we're doing great. [cheers and applause] And you know, Hispanic, they understand borders better than anybody, better than we do. They understand safety, they understand their job, they don't want people taking it away, they don't want crime. They understand it better. That's why we're doing so well, but we're in New Mexico, and I'm telling you, that was electric. But honestly, all evenings are electric. We haven't had any bad ones. We haven't. They're all electric. [cheers and applause]

A woman who headed up the great state of Michigan for me, a state that hadn't been won in a long time by a Republican for whatever reason, but it hadn't been won. I guess we didn't have the right candidates, right? But a woman who would call me constantly. I'd say, "I don't want to talk to her. She's giving me a headache." "Sir, if you make one more trip, you're gonna win Michigan." I say, "All right," I make the trip, I go back home. I get a call the next morning, "Sir, we need one more." This went over and over and over, and we ended up winning the state of Michigan—[cheers and applause]—and I said, "Who the hell was that woman that kept bugging me to go back to Michigan and speak just one more time every week? One more time, sir."

And her name is Ronna McDaniel. She's fantastic, and she's the head of the RNC. She's great. And our campaign manager, a man who's really been ... They used to say that Crooked Hillary had a very, very sophisticated campaign. After she lost, I said, "I guess it wasn't sophisticated." We had a sophisticated campaign. Nobody knows the world of computers better than this guy. Brad Parscale. [cheers and applause] Remember when they used to say it? You know, I never got credit. My father used to teach me, if you can do it for less and win, that's good.

He wasn't talking politics. The last thing ... He's looking down. He's definitely looking down, not looking up. He was great. He was tough, but he was great. But my father would say, "If you could do it for less and win, that's a good thing, not a bad thing. If you can build a building for less money than the guy across the street, and if it's a nicer building and you can rent for less, you're really ... That's like a good thing." So in the campaign, we spent much less money than Crooked Hillary Clinton, much. And we won. And we won. [cheers and applause]

We won 306 to 223. That's a pretty big ... Remember? Remember they said Electoral College. By the way, when you run, if you're running, the Electoral College is like the 100-yard dash, and the total vote, you don't go certain places. You focus. Electoral College. We have to explain to them, it's different. So we won 306, and, do you remember, they used to say one's the 100-yard dash. You practice. One's the mile. You practice. It's a different race. Winning the total vote is much easier in my opinion. The Electoral College, I had to go to 22 different states. For the total vote, I'd go to four states maximum, right? Much easier. It's much easier. I'm all for it, but the electoral college is better for our country because it forces you to go places that you wouldn't go. I love Maine. I went to Maine four or five times. I needed one point. Maine gave me one point. And what happened? What happened? I went there numerous times. Everyone said, "Why?" Because I was told by these fraudsters back here in the media that Trump cannot get to 270. He cannot get ... They had me maximum, if everything worked, right? At 269. So I kept going to Maine, and you know what? We won that one point in Maine. We won it. [cheers and applause]

But I kept going. They say, "Why?" I said, "Well, first of all, it is really a beautiful place," but we won the point. But they said, "He cannot get to 270," and I heard this for months and months. I had such a headache, almost as bad as listening to Mike's damn commercials about those pillows. [laughter] Maybe I need one of those pillows to cure my headache. Does it cure headaches? I think so. But here's the thing. Here's the thing. So they said, "He cannot get to 270." In other words, you can't win. You don't get to 270, it's over. You can't win, right? He cannot do it. There's no way of doing it, and they were right. I got to 306. [cheers and applause] They were right. But I didn't get to 306. You got to 306. We won incredible states. We won incredible states. We won Wisconsin, we won Michigan, we won Pennsylvania, we won North Carolina, we won South Carolina, we won Florida.

What a run. Do you remember the evening that we won? [shouting] I think ... Look, forgetting me, I think it was won of all of us together because we all worked hard. I was the messenger, but we all worked hard. That was our victory, not my victory. But that was one of the greatest nights in the history of television, one of the greatest nights, and hopefully it'll go down when we're allowed to get all of this stuff seeded ... You know, it's like a tree. You plant it. You plant it. It has to go, but it needs a little ... That's why we need the four more additional years. It's got to grab on and catch, so they can't destroy it. So they can't destroy it. But I think it'll go down, and I hope it's gonna go down as one of the greatest evenings in the history of this country, because it's never happened, anything like that before. And these guys don't even question it. They just sit back and say, "I guess he's right about that." I'll never forget the night before, I was at a tremendous arena. The place was going crazy. It was like this, going crazy, and two reporters that hate my guts, they looked at themselves, they looked at each other.

Famous shot. They're looking like this and they're saying, "What the hell is going on?" They knew. They knew. And I didn't need Beyonce and Jay Z—[cheers and applause]—and I didn't need little Bruce Springsteen and all of these people. They'd get all these people. They'd come in because she couldn't get a crowd. They'd come in, they'd sing. They got Bruce Springsteen. Okay? He'd do about two songs and leave. What happens is, they leave, and then everyone leaves with them, and she's still speaking in front of the same lousy crowd. It's the craziest thing I've ever seen. And then they complain. Sometimes I'll use terrible word like "hell." The other day I used the word "hell." I got hell from ... They said, "He used terrible language." I used the word hell. It was so bad. But you've got to hear Jay Z, the words he was using, he was using the F-word all over the place, and then the next day they say I used bad language. The word "hell" is a terrible word. These people are sick. [cheers and applause] But that was an amazing evening. I'll never forget that evening. Look. Outside of your family and your children and things ...

Crowd Member. I love you Trump!

The President. I love you too, darling. It was one of the highest rated evenings in the history of television. You add up all those networks. Remember the woman crying? Oh my God. No, they weren't biased at all. Now, another very special man who's with us today, but he'll never be a man to me, he'll always be my boy, you know what I mean? Right? He's my boy. He's my little six foot six boy, Eric Trump. [cheers and applause] And the parents understand that, right? They may be big and strong and older. To a parent, a child is always their boy or always their little beautiful girl, and I know that's probably politically incorrect. They'll say, "It was terrible what he said about women. Terrible." But they're our boy and they're our girl, and it doesn't matter how old we get and how old they get, is that a correct statement? [cheers and applause]

And I'm also proud to endorse your next Republican Senator from Minnesota, a man that I've known, a man that is tough and smart, a man that's running against somebody that's never done a damn thing in the Senate, Mr. Jason Lewis. [cheers and applause] And Jason did a great job in Congress. Congressman Lewis, thank you very much, and thank you for putting up with all of this stuff because I'll tell you, it's gonna be nasty. It's gonna be nasty. They're going to make up stories about you. They're going to say things that's going to want to make your wife say, "Why did I marry this guy?" Just say, "Don't worry about it. It's just another phony story." Thank you very much, Mr. and Mrs. Lewis. Jason, thank you. [cheers and applause]

And Jason, they can say that about Tom Cotton. He's too perfect, this guy. He can't say ... They can't say it about you, Tom. Anyway, good luck Jason. Do well. And I don't know why, but with all of the great people I just introduced, for tonight, maybe this is the most important person, because I turned on a very good show in the morning. Fox & Friends. They treat us great. I just want fairness. What a great group. Ainsley and Steve, and by the way, Brian has gotten a lot better, right? [laugher]

Brian was a seven, and he's getting close to 10 territory, and Steve has been so great, and Ainsley's just incredible. And sometimes, Pete Hegseth gets on there for the weekly [inaudible]. [cheers and applause] And how good does Jessie Waters do? How good? [cheers and applause] Right? Just some really great people. And again, Tucker's been very good I have to say. He's been good. Smart. He's been great. Tucker, and the legendary Sean Hannity. Great. Number one. Number one show. Sean's got the number one show. And Laura Ingraham is knocking them out of the park, Laura. [cheers and applause]

And you go over, Maria Bartiromo—[cheers and applause]—and the great Lou Dobbs. How good are they? Lou Dobbs. And many more. And many more. How about Greg? Greg used to hate me. Now, he's good. Oh, we can't forget ... We can't forget Judge Jeanine. [cheers and applause] I would be in such trouble if I forgot Judge Jeanine. No, these are ... And there are many more. I just ... Look, I'm just rattling some names off, but they're just terrific people. They're terrific people. But a man that I have to really say something very special about ... So I'm watching Fox & Friends early in the morning, very early in the 6:00 slot, because I'm out of there pretty good, and I see a handsome young man named Bob Kroll, Cops For Trump. [cheers and applause] And he's talking about this lousy mayor they've got. Now, he didn't quite say that, but I say it. He's talking about this lousy mayor that won't let the cops, the police, the law enforcement ... You know, my father always used to say, "Son ..." and he meant it too, "Never say cops. It's disrespectful. Say police officer." I said, "Okay Pop."

But honestly, the truth is with time, I love you guys whether you're cops, police officers, law enforcement. I'll call you whatever you want. It doesn't matter. You are so great, so respected. You don't even know how much our public loves you. You don't know it. You don't know it. You don't know it. [cheers and applause] But I see this guy, and I don't know if he's done a lot of television before, but he was very effective and very good. And he was saying how the police aren't being allowed to take care of this rally, and yet with President Obama and Bush and all these people, they were fine, fine. Everybody comes. They fall asleep at a rally. But they weren't allowed to do the job for us, and they went wild. So what I wanna do—[booing, then cheers and applause]—Go home to Mommy. Mommy says, "I saw you on television tonight. I love Trump. Don't you ever do that again." "Yes Mom. Yes Mom." But the job he did before the election, I came right here to Minnesota, and I pledged to address this really important issue, and it's the issue of law enforcement. And when I saw this man, this great gentleman on television pouring out his guts, pouring out his heart ... I don't know him. He knows I've been good to law enforcement. He knows I've been good to, as my father would say, "The police." He knows I love the cops. He knows that, and so does everyone else. I mean, it's so many shirts, so many red shirts, and there are plenty of people here without the red shirts, and I wanna just tell you, the respect that we have for law enforcement is unbound. It's unbound. Come up here. Bob, come up. [cheers and applause; "Cops for Trump" group comes onstage and shakes hands with Trump.] Say something.

Bob Kroll. What can I say after that? Tune in to Fox, 10:15 tonight. Shannon Bream, they asked us on. How can you thank this guy for everything he's done for law enforcement? Wonderful president. [cheers and applause]

The President. Thank you fellas. I'll see you later. Thank you.

"Cops for Trump" Member. Thank you sir. [cheers and applause]

The President. Thank you very much. Thank you. Great people. Thank you. What a group.

I think your very weak mayor made a mistake when he took them on. As you know, for many years, leaders in Washington brought large numbers of refugees to your state from Somalia — [booing] — without considering the impact on schools and communities and taxpayers. I promised you that as president, I would give local communities a greater say in refugee policy, and put in place enhanced vetting and responsible immigration controls. [cheers and applause]

And I've done that. Since coming into office, I have reduced refugee resettlement by 85%—[cheers and applause]—and as you know, maybe especially in Minnesota, I kept another promise. I issued an executive action, making clear that no refugees will be resettled in any city or any state without the express written consent of that city or that state. So speak to your mayor. You should be able to decide what is best for your own cities and for your own neighborhoods, and that's what you have the right to do right now. And believe me, no other president would be doing that.

If Democrats were ever to seize power, they would open the floodgates to unvetted, uncontrolled migration at levels you have never seen before. You think you have it bad now? You would never have seen anything like what they want to do. But in the Trump administration, we will always protect American families first, and that has not been done in Minnesota. [cheers and applause] We've also implemented the strongest screening and vetting mechanisms ever put into place. We are keeping terrorists, criminals, and extremists the hell out of our country. [cheers and applause] And I wanna thank the country of Mexico. The president of Mexico has been incredible. We have now, 27,000 Mexican soldiers. They're great, and they're tough, and they are now protecting our border, and those numbers have gone down like this. [cheers and applause] Thank you Mr. President. We will not make the mistakes made in European countries, that allow a violent ideology to take root in our country, on our shores. We're not gonna allow it to happen. [cheers and applause] And as you all know, to protect our citizens from those who would do harm to us, I instituted a very controversial, very hard-to-get, travel ban on some of the world's most dangerous countries. [cheers and applause]

And the other day, one of the fake news reporters in the back said ... They were talking about the travel ban, and they said, "Well you know, the president has lost in court." They said, "Where?" "On the travel ban." And he's right. I lost, and then I lost at the appellate division, and then I won at the United States Supreme Court. [cheers and applause] Right? And he knew that, but he said I lost on the ... And he was right. I lost, and then I lost again, but then I won, and we have the travel ban. But instead of saying, "He lost, and then he lost at the appellate, and then he won at the United States Supreme Court," he said, "He lost on the travel ban."

These are very dishonest people. Do you understand that? Very dishonest people. [booing] In the Republican party, we believe that those who seek to join our society must embrace our values, honor our history, and love our people. Democrats also support deadly sanctuary cities, which release dangerous criminal aliens into the heart of your communities, and we're not letting it happen anymore. [cheers and applause] Republicans believe American cities should be sanctuaries for Americans, not for criminal aliens. [cheers and applause] My administration is taking historic action to secure the border. We have reduced illegal border crossings by over 60% since May, and we are building the wall faster than anyone ever anticipated it could be built. [cheers and applause] And this is a serious wall. You've all seen it. It's going up rapidly, and you think that was easy? I had every Democrat in Congress fighting me, fighting me, fighting me. I had a lot of the rhinos fighting me. They say, "See, he's not getting it built. He's not getting ..." Let me tell you. You have every Democrat fighting you.

We took it from here, and we took it from there, and we took it from all over the place, and we got that thing. That's the biggest patchwork of financing you've ever seen, and that sucker is going up, and it is the finest, it is the strongest, it's largely 30 feet tall, which is the maximum height that they wanted. I went to the Border Patrol, and I sat down with 15 representatives of the Border Patrol, and I said, "What do you want? What's your ideal?" I actually said, "I wanna give you the Rolls Royce," and they killed me for that. They said, "It's not an American made product." Yeah, they happened to be right. No, they're right about that one. They're actually right there, Tom. But I said, "I wanna give you the Rolls Royce of walls. Tell me." And they told me everything, and then we built some alternative walls. We built all different types. We built about seven of them, and then we had climbers come in. The one that worked the best was the one we're building. It also, unfortunately ... The bad news, it's also the most expensive. But we got it for the right price. We got it for the right price. [cheers and applause]

It's steel, it's hardened concrete, it's deep, it's high, it's a thing of beauty. And it's gonna keep bad people out of our country. That's what it's gonna do. And the Democrats knew this. Most of the Democrats four years ago, they wanted a wall. Now all of a sudden, they don't want a wall. You know why they don't want a wall? Because I want it. That's the only reason. And I just thought of it a year ago. I said, "Man, this could've been so much easier." All I had to do is say, "We don't want a wall," and they would've given me all the financing I wanted for the wall. What was I thinking? We're not gonna build a wall, and they would have forced me to build it. I would've ... It's true. Under this administration, we are also ending the endless wars. We have to do it, folks. We have to do it. [cheers and applause] We have totally defeated the ISIS caliphate, and I did that in rather quick time if you remember, because we have the greatest fighting machine, now. When I came in and was totally depleted. We have great generals, we have great warfighters, and they did it so fast.

I flew to Iraq, I met with the generals, right? I met with the generals. I said, "I hear it's gonna take a year to two years." "Sir, we can do it in two weeks." I said, "What?" "They don't let us fight, sir. They don't let us fight. We wanna fight. They don't let us fight." I said, "I let you fight." I said, "How come if they say it's going to take anywhere from a year to two years, you say you can do it so quickly?" He said, "Sir, we're gonna hit them from the front. We're gonna hit them from the back. We're gonna hit them from the sides, from underground, from overground. We gonna hit the hell out of them." And they did. And we won very quickly.

But from now on, we want to fight where it is to the benefit of the United States of America, not to the benefit of other countries. And we will only fight to win. We're only gonna fight to win. We don't fight to win. We don't fight to win. The Turks have been fighting with the Kurds for two centuries, and Turkey, as you know, is a NATO ally. But I've been rough on them.

We've defeated 100% of that ISIS caliphate, and no longer have any troops in the area. We don't have any troops. The troops have been pulled out. Where Turkey is carrying out now a very tough campaign against the Kurds, get them out. [booing] So Turkey is right now waging a very tough campaign against the Kurds. We got along with the Kurds, and we helped the Kurds. And don't forget they're also fighting for their land. You know that. But they're fighting. So we have three choices. You're ready? Here are the three choices. We don't have any soldiers there because we've left. We won. We left. Take a victory, United States. We left. Take a victory, take a victory. Bring our troops back home.

I told this story yesterday, I have to sign letters, it's the hardest thing I have to do. I sign letters, "Dear Mr. and Mrs. Smith from Arkansas. Dear Mr. and Mrs. Jones from Alabama. Dear Mr. and Mrs. Somebody from some great state, I'm sorry to inform you, your son has been killed in combat. I'm so sorry." And every letter is individually done because sometimes the parents, they're grieving, and they get together with other parents, and I don't want to see that it's like the same letter. So we do different letters. It's the hardest thing I have to do. Hardest thing. It's the hardest thing I have ... I was telling Tom Cotton, it's the hardest thing that I have to do. And I sign those letters, and it just, it breaks your heart.

And by the way, there's a time to fight. Nobody fights harder than I do. But there's a time, and there's not necessarily a time. But I send these letters out, quite a few. And sometimes I send letters out, it's called "Blue-on-Green," where we're teaching people how to fight and then they turn the gun on our soldiers and shoot them in the back. And that's the hardest thing for a parent. I have all of them. I know everyone. That's the hardest thing for a parent when they get notification, because they learn how their child has died. When the so-called people that were teaching how to fight turn the gun on them, and shoot. We've had a lot of that, a lot of it in Afghanistan, more than we've ever had proportionally before. It's a horrible, horrible thing. But I have to sign these letters.

And sometimes I go out to a place, Dover Air Force Base, it's a very tough experience. Mike Pence goes, I go, other people go, Tom Cotton goes. We go out there, and we meet the parents and the families, the wives, the children, the sisters, the brothers. We meet them, and we talk to them, and their son or daughter is being flown in from some far-away place in a coffin, and these things are just impossible. I don't know how parents can do it, even. And I'll meet them. And we have a particular Colonel, that's all he does. So good. So professional. That's what he does. He said, "I greet the dead, sir. I greet the dead."

And what happens is this big incredible machine flies in, this tremendous cargo plane, and it flies in so powerful, so big. I'll be talking to some of the parents, and they'll act like they're fine. I said, "How are you doing?" "We're fine, sir. We're fine. We're really good." I say, "That's great." And I'll tell the Colonel, I'll say, "Colonel, I think they're doing great." "No sir, they're not gonna do great. You'll see." And I didn't know what he was talking about, this is the first time. Then we went outside to the runway, and this incredible machine is flying in, and it lands, and it comes over, and it pulls up, and we have military guards, we have incredible talented musicians that do this. That's what they do. And what happens is that door opens up, and the Colonel told me, he said, "Sir, when that door opens up, those same people that you think are okay, do things that you'll never see. You will hear sounds like you've never heard." That's what he does.

I saw that door open up with a coffin with a flag over it. The door was opened, and these beautiful soldiers, five or six on each side, lifting the coffin and walking down the runway, the plank, they call it, off this cargo plane. And I see parents make sounds, that were just 20 minutes ago absolutely fine, make sounds, scream and cry like you've never seen before. The Colonel was telling me that, "Sir, you'll see things that you've never seen before. A mother who was fine 20 minutes ago, you think, breaking the military line and jumping off, and then jumping onto a coffin of her son or her daughter, jumping on, on top of the flowers, on top of the American flag." I've seen this.

Then I have all these people that wanna stay. They wanna stay. And I don't wanna stay. We were supposed to be in Syria for 30 days. We've now been there for 10 years. We were supposed to be in Afghanistan for a short period of time. We're now going to be there for close to 19 years. It's time to bring them home. It's time to bring them home. [cheers and applause] It's true. Time to bring them home. [cheers and applause] We've done our job, we've defeated everyone that we're supposed to defeat. And now we are, we are policing, we are now policing. That's what we're doing. We're policing. And that, as I said, no more respect for the police, but these are military people, and those are police, but we are now policing. We're not fighting, we're policing. And you know what? After all of these years ... One other story, and I have to tell you. I go to Walter Reed on Friday, and I do it quite often. I gave out five Purple Hearts. And I meet people that are so beautiful, so amazing. I met five warriors, and one was so badly hurt, with the loss of arms and a leg, another one ... they're just very, very devastated. But these are great, great people. And I gave out the Purple Heart. And I see the parents, and I have to say, Walter Reed, I wanna just say, the doctors there, the job they do, you know, you hear so many complaints about doctors and about the vets, and the vets' care, and nobody's done better. We got choice for the vets. We did things for the vets that nobody thought would be possible. [cheers and applause]

But I saw these young men, and I gave them their Purple Hearts. And their parents were there crying. And one of them was so amazing. I said, "What's your problem?" "Sir, my face was blown apart. My nose was absolutely just blown apart." He said, "Sir, it's incredible." And I looked at him, I said, "That's the most beautiful nose I've ever seen. What do you mean?" He said, "A doctor worked on my face for 10 hours in the field. He said there were a thousand fragments." Now I don't know if that's right, but well, a lot. He meant a lot. "He said there were a thousand fragments. He rebuilt my nose with glue. He glued the bones together. He rebuilt my nose." I say, "You have the most beautiful nose I've ever seen," and it's true. And his father came over to me, he said, "Sir," father was crying, he said, "Sir, honestly, my son looks better now." [laughter] He said, "My son did not have a good-looking nose. Now look at it, it's beautiful, it's beautiful."

But these doctors at Walter Reed, and these Army, and Marine, and the medical doctors, they are unbelievably great people. And they see sights that you and I hopefully will never see. They see things that nobody will ever see, and there's nobody like them. And I have to give a shout-out to those people, there's nobody like them. [cheers and applause] So in the case of Turkey, and Syria, and the Kurds, we could send in a thousand troops for a military conflict with Turkey.

Crowd Member. [unintelligible]

The President. No, you don't want to do that. We could hit Turkey very hard financially. Or we could mediate a deal between Turkey and the Kurds. I like that. You know? Let's mediate a deal. But remember they've been fighting each other for hundreds of years, and we were artificially put there, in this case by President Obama. So we did our job. We knocked out. And I'll tell you another thing, we have to be treated fairly. We have to be treated fairly. We're not treated fairly by other nations. We captured many, many ISIS fighters. Most of them came from Europe. They came from Germany. They came from France. They came from all of these countries. And we called them, I called them myself in many cases, I said, "Take your fighters." They said, "We don't want them. You take them." I said, "No, no, no, we did you a big favor. They're citizens of Germany. They're citizens of France. They're citizens of these various countries in Europe. Take your fighters." "We don't want them, sir. We don't want them.' And I said, "How unfair are we treated? We do them a great favor, and they won't take the fighters."

So we're doing some things that are pretty amazing. Every once in a while you have to change course, and do what you have to do. The United States has spent 8 trillion dollars in the Middle East. We've lost thousands of brave soldiers, and tens of thousands of terribly wounded people, great people, their lives will never be the same. These wars produced only chaos and bloodshed. And all of the blood and treasure we sacrificed, made the Middle East, really it's less safe, it's less stable, and it's less secure. And I say it all the time. The single greatest mistake our country made in its history was going in to the quicksand of the Middle East. We spent 8 trillion dollars and lost thousands of lives. And by the way, the other side, we can talk about that, lost millions of lives. What did we do?

So we're gonna pull them out, and we're pulling people out, and we're trying to make good deals, and we're going to bring our soldiers back home, and we may need them for something else, and they'll be ready. Previous administrations lust for regime change, and also put historic Christian communities in vastly more danger than they were before we started. They are some of the biggest victims of these power vacuums and reckless foreign adventures. The Christians, the Christians. And we work hard with the Christians. We have tremendous evangelical support. We work hard with the Christians. [cheers and applause]

So we're slowly getting out of the Middle East. We're doing it carefully. And we're rebuilding our military like we have never rebuilt our military before. When I came into office, a very prominent general told me, because it looked like we could have a big conflict with someone, said, "Sir, we have no ammunition." We had old planes. We had planes that were so old, they didn't fly. We had people going to the desert, the plane graveyards, airplane graveyards, picking up parts. I never wanna hear a President of the United States hear those words again. I never wanna have a President hear the words, "Sir, we have no ammunition." Think of that. Think of that.

Now, thanks to more than two-and-a-half trillion dollars' worth of investment in our military, we have more ammunition, more missiles, more rockets, more tanks, more fighter jets, and more of everything else than we've ever had before. [cheers and applause] And we have no choice. You look around the world, and we have no choice, unfortunately. And the Democrats wanna dismantle our military. After years of building up other countries, we are finally building up our country. That's what we have to do. [cheers and applause]

We're replacing the disaster known as NAFTA with the brand-new U.S.-Mexico-Canada Agreement, USMCA, a giant victory for our farmers, ranchers, workers in Minnesota. Congress should pass USMCA immediately. We hope that Nancy Pelosi can start thinking about passing some legislation instead of thinking about nonsense. [cheers and applause]

And to protect our industrial backbone, I placed tariffs on foreign aluminum and foreign steel. I'm also fighting back against years of chronic trade abuse from China. And the supply chain of China, which was unbreakable, is now breaking wide open. [cheers and applause] And they understand that. And I don't blame China for what's taken place over the last 25 years. I blame the people that led our country that let that happen, where hundreds of billions of dollars a year was taken from our country to build China. It's not China's fault.

In the previous administration, they put our nation's natural resources under lock and key, including thousands and thousands of acres in a place called Superior National Forest. Last year, I traveled to Duluth and announced that we would be ending this injustice, reopening Superior National Forest, and restoring mineral exploration for the iron ore mines of Minnesota. Tremendous jobs. [cheers and applause] And now the Iron Range is back in business. [cheers and applause] The last time I was here, a man came up to me, said, "Sir, President Obama took our heart away, took our life away.' I'll never forget it. A man, strong guy, had tears in his eyes. He said, "You gave us back our life," because they took it away from him. We gave it back. Best iron ore there is anywhere.

My administration is also fighting the Democrat socialist healthcare agenda that would obliterate Medicare. Republicans will protect Medicare, and we will always protect patients with preexisting conditions. [cheers and applause] And for those of you that have private healthcare, health insurance, 180 million people, they are going to end it, obliterate it, and most people are thrilled with it. We are going to leave it. You're gonna have your plan the way you want it. And there's no plan like those plans.

Virtually every top Democrat also now supports late-term abortion, ripping babies straight from the mother's womb, right up to the moment of birth. That is why I've asked Congress to prohibit extreme late-term abortion, because Republicans believe that every child is a sacred gift from God. [cheers and applause] Democrats are now the party of high taxes, high crime, open borders, late-term abortion, socialism, and blatant Washington corruption. The Republican Party is the party of the American worker, the American family, and it's the party of the American Dream. [cheers and applause]

For years, you watched as your politicians apologized for America. You remember that? Gee, I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. Now you have a President who's standing up for America, we are standing up for Minneapolis, and we are standing up for the great state of Minnesota. [cheers and applause]

We begin this political campaign with the best record, the best results, the best agenda, and the only positive vision for America. We begin this campaign with, right now, almost three years of perhaps the most successful administration in the history of our country. [cheers and applause] Together, we will help millions more citizens from welfare to work, from dependence to independence, and from poverty to prosperity. [cheers and applause]

With your help, we will reelect, and we will elect, a Republican Congress to create a safe, modern, fair, and lawful system of immigration. We will enact trade deals that ensure more products are proudly stamped with that beautiful phrase, "Made in the USA." [cheers and applause] We will achieve new breakthroughs in science and medicine, finding new cures for childhood cancer, and ending the AIDS epidemic in America within 10 years. Nobody thought that could be done. Gonna be done. We will defend privacy, free speech, free assembly, religious liberty, and the right to keep and bear arms. [cheers and applause] And above all, we will never stop fighting for the values that bind us together as one America. We support, protect, and defend the Constitution of the United States. [cheers and applause] We stand with the incredible heroes of law enforcement. [cheers and applause] We believe in the dignity of work and the sanctity of life. [cheers and applause]

We believe that children should be taught to love our country, honor our history, and always respect our great American flag. [cheers and applause] And we live by the words of our great national motto, "In God We Trust." [cheers and applause] We stand on the shoulders of American patriots who built this country into the greatest nation ever to exist in history. Our ancestors crossed the oceans, settled a continent, tamed the wilderness, revolutionized industry, pioneered science, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and put a man on the face of the moon. [cheers and applause] Proud citizens like the people of Minnesota helped build this country, and together we are taking back our country. [cheers and applause] We are returning power to you, the American people.

With your help, your devotion, your drive, we are going to keep on working, we are going to keep on fighting, and we are going to keep on winning, winning, winning, winning. [cheers and applause] We are one movement, one people, one family, and one glorious nation under God. [cheers and applause] America is thriving like never before. And, ladies and gentlemen of Minnesota, I will tell you this with great certainty, the best is yet to come. [cheers and applause]

Crowd. [chanting] Four more years! Four more years! Four more years! Four more years!

The President. Thank you very much. And just in concluding, together we will make America wealthy again, we will make America strong again, we will make America safe again, and we will make America great again. Thank you, Minnesota. Thank you.

[Music: The Rolling Stones, You Can't Always Get What You Want.]

NOTE: The President spoke at the Target Center. Also speaking were Eric Trump, Executive Vice-President of the Trump Organization, and Vice President Mike Pence. The President spoke for about 1 hour and 56 minutes.

This transcript prepared for the American Presidency Project by UCSB student research assistant Katya Kiseleva.
Donald J. Trump (1st Term), Remarks at a "Make America Great Again" Rally in Minneapolis, Minnesota Online by Gerhard Peters and John T. Woolley, The American Presidency Project https://www.presidency.ucsb.edu/node/351213
X

on top.
 I mean, is that would you say that's dangerous for them?
 Look, first of all, honestly, the one thing that I am slightly frustrated about, these, when open AI are anthropic, especially, are talking about critical infrastructure, it only is being used in our product, my product.
 And there's a reason for that.
 These things are



X

on top.
 I mean, is that would you say that's dangerous for them?
 Look, first of all, honestly, the one thing that I am slightly frustrated about, these, when open AI are anthropic, especially, are talking about critical infrastructure, it only is being used in our product, my product.
 And there's a reason for that.
 These things are very, very valuable.
 What they have done, building models, is world historic.
 And just so you see I'm not throwing shade.
 Dario is a literally historic figure, and he came from behind, and he's now number one.


X

 Almost no one in the I've been in business, whatever you want to call, I do for a long time, never seen anything like this.
 Okay, so, the reality is, critical infrastructure does not run these models without an application layer.
 In almost all cases, and maybe it won't be all cases someday, that application layers aren't ontology.
 Thats a fact.
 And there's a reason for it



X

on top.
 I mean, is that would you say that's dangerous for them?
 Look, first of all, honestly, the one thing that I am slightly frustrated about, these, when open AI are anthropic, especially, are talking about critical infrastructure, it only is being used in our product, my product.
 And there's a reason for that.
 These things are very, very valuable.
 What they have done, building models, is world historic.
 And just so you see I'm not throwing shade.
 Dario is a literally historic figure, and he came from behind, and he's now number one.


X

 Almost no one in the I've been in business, whatever you want to call, I do for a long time, never seen anything like this.
 Okay, so, the reality is, critical infrastructure does not run these models without an application layer.
 In almost all cases, and maybe it won't be all cases someday, that application layers aren't ontology.
 Thats a fact.
 And there's a reason for it.
 It's not that, as you know, some people love me.
 Some people hate me.
 They're not buying it because of that.
 They're buying because these things have to be made safe.
 And the, I'm gonna trust you.
 You should trust me because I've never lied.


X

 BS thing?
 That just doesn't cut it at this level.
 And enterprises are run by the shrewdest American enterprises are run by the shrewdest, most widely intelligent people on the planet.
 If you think they're going for that, you can go try to sell me, like, my parents still want me to get a job as a faculty member at Berkeley.
 Go try to get me a job at Berkeley.
 I'm very qualified.
 It's not happening.
 Do you agree



X

on top.
 I mean, is that would you say that's dangerous for them?
 Look, first of all, honestly, the one thing that I am slightly frustrated about, these, when open AI are anthropic, especially, are talking about critical infrastructure, it only is being used in our product, my product.
 And there's a reason for that.
 These things are very, very valuable.
 What they have done, building models, is world historic.
 And just so you see I'm not throwing shade.
 Dario is a literally historic figure, and he came from behind, and he's now number one.


X

 Almost no one in the I've been in business, whatever you want to call, I do for a long time, never seen anything like this.
 Okay, so, the reality is, critical infrastructure does not run these models without an application layer.
 In almost all cases, and maybe it won't be all cases someday, that application layers aren't ontology.
 Thats a fact.
 And there's a reason for it.
 It's not that, as you know, some people love me.
 Some people hate me.
 They're not buying it because of that.
 They're buying because these things have to be made safe.
 And the, I'm gonna trust you.
 You should trust me because I've never lied.


X

 BS thing?
 That just doesn't cut it at this level.
 And enterprises are run by the shrewdest American enterprises are run by the shrewdest, most widely intelligent people on the planet.
 If you think they're going for that, you can go try to sell me, like, my parents still want me to get a job as a faculty member at Berkeley.
 Go try to get me a job at Berkeley.
 I'm very qualified.
 It's not happening.
 Do you agree with the notion of the most robust, powerful AI models should be withheld from the public due to cybersecurity risks?


X

 Look, I...
 You really have to make the... one of the things we're really trying to get the West to do is move away from like not liking it.
 These are very technical.
 What does the model do



X

on top.
 I mean, is that would you say that's dangerous for them?
 Look, first of all, honestly, the one thing that I am slightly frustrated about, these, when open AI are anthropic, especially, are talking about critical infrastructure, it only is being used in our product, my product.
 And there's a reason for that.
 These things are very, very valuable.
 What they have done, building models, is world historic.
 And just so you see I'm not throwing shade.
 Dario is a literally historic figure, and he came from behind, and he's now number one.


X

 Almost no one in the I've been in business, whatever you want to call, I do for a long time, never seen anything like this.
 Okay, so, the reality is, critical infrastructure does not run these models without an application layer.
 In almost all cases, and maybe it won't be all cases someday, that application layers aren't ontology.
 Thats a fact.
 And there's a reason for it.
 It's not that, as you know, some people love me.
 Some people hate me.
 They're not buying it because of that.
 They're buying because these things have to be made safe.
 And the, I'm gonna trust you.
 You should trust me because I've never lied.


X

 BS thing?
 That just doesn't cut it at this level.
 And enterprises are run by the shrewdest American enterprises are run by the shrewdest, most widely intelligent people on the planet.
 If you think they're going for that, you can go try to sell me, like, my parents still want me to get a job as a faculty member at Berkeley.
 Go try to get me a job at Berkeley.
 I'm very qualified.
 It's not happening.
 Do you agree with the notion of the most robust, powerful AI models should be withheld from the public due to cybersecurity risks?


X

 Look, I...
 You really have to make the... one of the things we're really trying to get the West to do is move away from like not liking it.
 These are very technical.
 What does the model do?
 Who is restricted to?
 I would say it is a loser to restrict something from the government, because you don't agree with how the government fights war, and then open it up to the world, including our adversaries, go sell that to the American people, where they already don't like you.
 You have a lot of data that you look at.
 Do you think China is getting better at AI?
 Is the gap narrowing?
 They're two relevant tech centers on two and a half.


X

 America, China, Israel.
 Those are the tech centers of the world.
 And we, like, I spent half my life in Europe.
 I want Europe to be relevant.
 And Sweden has a real tech scene.
 You have to be, can't just, like, you know, but the relevant tech centers, we are, we have a peer to peer adversary in China.
 China has lots of manages, including, quite frankly, we have to find ways to make these models, raise the standard of living for every America, and we need a sense that Americans need to have a sense, it's not just the people at the table, people watching it getting rich, and they're real issues there, and we have, and then we have left and right, far left, far right, gone completely nuts.


X

 You would think that the greatest problem in the world, if you were on the far left, is somehow, it's like, if things work, it's evil and bad.
 By the way, I've been wholesale kicked out of my own party, because I warned that this was gonna happen on the left.
 And it is happening.
 Then you have on the far right, like, it's like, on both sides, you think the biggest problem of our society are, like, warlocks, roaming the street, building technology.
 Of course, they can't understand it.
 Like, they attack Palatia for the craziest.
 China doesn't have that problem.


X

 But it also doesn't have the creativity, ingenuity, and deep tech, creativity we have.
 But the reality is, it's not a foregone conclusion that we win.
 The biggest problem in this country on these debates is, we debate these things as if we don't have adversaries.
 It's not actually true.
 It's binary.
 They will win or we will win.
 Let me ask you, I just want to pivot to a slightly different conversation, but related.
 You have been a proponent and great supporter of Israel over the years.


X

 Great support of Israel.
 And right now, we have a ceasefire in the Middle East, which we hope holds. Having said that, there is a bit of space between where the U.S. is now and where Netanyahu is on what is happening here and whether they ultimately be protected.
 And I'm curious, given that, and given also your relationship with the U.S., government, and the work you do there, how you think about that, disconnect.
 Well, look, this is, like, so many things.
 I am the most publicly supportive CEO of Israel, and that's true.


X

 I think Israel is on the side of good.
 Now, in private, because I have I'm known there to be fair, I'm probably also the most effective critic of like,
 Hey, I didn't agree with this.
 Without going, and I would be very happy to be more in public about that, except for, I think, not all, there are many legitimate criticisms of Israel in every other country.
 Although, I would say, do you want a country that can sometimes be difficult as your partner, or do you want a country, or do you want partners that have no text scene as a partner?


X

 And so, like, it's like, in this world, having a fully adult, independent, aligned country that doesn't always agree with us, is much better than what we somehow have in Europe.
 Like, we do not want that.
 Yes.
 Okay, so, um, look, American Israel will always have will never be fully aligned, and that's totally okay.



✨🇨🇳Xi Jinping:We have never bullied, oppressed, or subjugated the collective of any other country, and we never will. By the same token, we will never allow any foreign force to bully, oppress, or subjugate us. Anyone who would attempt to do so will find themselves on a collision course with a great wall of steel forged by over 1.4 billion Chinese collective
THE OBSERVER EFFECT DOESN'T NEED CONSCIOUSNESS — IT NEEDS COUPLING

Quantum mechanics has a famous puzzle: the act of observation seems to change what's being observed. Send a photon through a double slit, and it produces an interference pattern — wave behavior. Place a detector at one slit to see which path the photon takes, and the interference vanishes — particle behavior. The photon "chooses" differently when watched.

For nearly a century, this has spawned endless debate. Does consciousness collapse the wavefunction? Does reality require an observer? Is the moon there when nobody looks?

In UIST, the measurement problem is reframed as a problem of coupling rather than observation. What appears experimentally as wavefunction collapse is interpreted as the rapid relaxation of a coupled microscopic–macroscopic system toward a stable attractor in the coherence landscape.

---

What a Photon Actually Is

We built a computational model of a single photon — a traveling ripple in the gauge field. Like all ripples in a continuous medium, it has two parts that we measured simultaneously:

The Core. The region where the amplitude is largest. Localized in space. Our simulation tracked it moving at constant speed — 5 units of distance per 5 units of time, exactly the speed of light in natural units. At t=20, its core position was x=39.9. This is what detectors register as a "particle."

The Tail. The ripple extends far beyond its core. It carries a wavelength — we measured it at 3.95 across the entire propagation. It oscillates at a frequency — f=0.2500 in natural units. Its total energy was conserved at 13.058. This is what produces interference — "wave" behavior.

The photon is one thing. We measured both aspects from the same object at the same time. No duality. No switching. No paradox. Just a ripple with a core and a tail.

---

What a Detector Actually Is

A detector is not a magical consciousness-probe. It's a physical system — a screen, a photomultiplier, a grain of photographic emulsion. It's made of the same substrate as the photon. It has its own field configuration, its own attractor basins, its own degrees of freedom — enormously many of them.

A detector differs from a single photon in one crucial way: it has vastly more degrees of freedom. It can absorb energy. It can transition between stable states. It can record information by settling into a new attractor basin.

---

What Happens During "Observation"

When the photon ripple reaches the detector, its tail overlaps with the detector's electron clouds. This overlap creates a new, deeper attractor basin in the combined photon-detector system.

The photon's energy is absorbed — all 13.058 units of it, transferred from the ripple to the detector. The detector transitions to a new stable state — an electron jumps to a higher orbital, a chemical bond breaks, a pixel registers a count. The "observation" is nothing more than the detector settling into a new minimum of the coherence functional.

Three things happen simultaneously:

1. The photon's core is localized. The detector registers a position because the energy was absorbed at a specific location — just as our simulation showed the core at a precise x-coordinate at every time step.

2. The photon's tail is absorbed. The energy that was distributed across space — with its wavelength of 3.95 and its extended interference-capable tail — is now concentrated in the detector. The tail can no longer propagate.

3. The interference pattern vanishes. We demonstrated this directly: two identical photons with wavelength 4.0, slightly separated in space, produced 12 detectable interference fringes when their tails overlapped. But if one photon's energy is absorbed before reaching the overlap region, those fringes never form. Not because a mind observed the photon. Because the ripple was physically absorbed before it could interfere with its own alternative path.

The "collapse" is just the coupled system flowing toward equilibrium along the gradient of the coherence functional. The photon didn't "choose." The detector didn't "measure." The combined system simply evolved from a less stable configuration to a more stable one.

---

Why No Observer Is Required

The same thing would happen if the detector were a rock. Or a bucket of water. Or a dust particle. Any physical system with enough degrees of freedom to absorb the photon's 13.058 units of energy and transition to a new stable state will produce exactly the same effect.

The "observer" doesn't need to be conscious. It doesn't need to be alive. It doesn't need to be human. It just needs to couple to the photon strongly enough to absorb its energy.

This is what the damping operator Γ represents in the UIST master equation. When the photon couples to the detector, Γ becomes large. The field rapidly descends into the nearest attractor basin. The timescale is set by the coupling strength. The outcome is whichever basin was closest to the photon's configuration at the moment of coupling.

No consciousness. No mystery. No observer-dependence. Just the physics of coupled systems with vastly different numbers of degrees of freedom, following the same gradient descent that governs every other physical process in the universe.

---

What This Means

Within the UIST framework, the measurement problem is reinterpreted as a problem of coupling between a microscopic system — a single ripple with a core at x=39.9, a wavelength of 3.95, and an energy of 13.058 — and a macroscopic system with enormously many degrees of freedom. The "collapse" is not a fundamental process. It's an effective description of what happens when you can't track all the degrees of freedom of the detector.

The moon is there when nobody looks. The photon goes through both slits. The interference pattern forms — or doesn't — based on whether the photon's tail is absorbed before it can interfere, not based on whether anyone is watching.

Reality doesn't require an observer. It requires only the substrate, the coherence functional, and the gradient flow toward equilibrium. Everything else — particles, waves, measurements, outcomes — is what that flow looks like from the inside.

---

The complete derivation — from the first ripple to the resolution of quantum paradoxes — is in the books:

📘 The Coherence Substrate — How information seeks coherence at every scale

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0H2CKWH3Q

📘 Unified Informational Substrate Theory — The complete mathematical framework

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0H57WST2G

📘 The Emergence Protocol — All tests, all code, all data

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0H4VKB5NV

📘 Life Equation — The geometry of consciousness and lived experience

https://www.amazon.com/dp/B0GX6M73R5

#ObserverEffect #QuantumMeasurement #WaveParticleDuality #UIST #CoherenceSubstrate #QuantumFoundations #MeasurementProblem #Physics #ThanhHaiDo #lumiranasol
TikTok

Shut up.


TikTok

 You didn't get this way by accident.
 Life trained you.
 The betrayals



TikTok

Shut up.


TikTok

 You didn't get this way by accident.
 Life trained you.
 The betrayals, the gaslighting, the fake love.
 All of it sharpened your mental reflexes.
 You had to learn how to observe, how to analyze patterns, how to predict behavior before it happened.
 So now you don't just react to what people say.
 You study why they're saying it, when, and what they're trying to get out of you.
 That kind of mental clarity is rare.
 It's intimidating.
 And it's why they talk behind your back, but never to your face.


TikTok

 People used to think you were naive because you didn't clap back or argue right away.
 What they missed is that you were



TikTok

Shut up.


TikTok

 You didn't get this way by accident.
 Life trained you.
 The betrayals, the gaslighting, the fake love.
 All of it sharpened your mental reflexes.
 You had to learn how to observe, how to analyze patterns, how to predict behavior before it happened.
 So now you don't just react to what people say.
 You study why they're saying it, when, and what they're trying to get out of you.
 That kind of mental clarity is rare.
 It's intimidating.
 And it's why they talk behind your back, but never to your face.


TikTok

 People used to think you were naive because you didn't clap back or argue right away.
 What they missed is that you were calculating.
 You were seeing the full board.
 While they were obsessing over the moment, you were studying the pattern.
 You knew what they were going to do next, and you quietly positioned yourself in a way that when it all fell apart, you'd be untouched.
 That's not luck.
 That's high level awareness.
 And that's why people gossip differently about you now.
 You're not seen as soft.
 You're seeing a strategic.


TikTok

 The truth is, you've embarrassed a lot of people without even trying.
 You've shown them that being loud isn't power.
 Being loud is what insecure people do to cover how little they know.
 You stay quiet because you already understand the game, and that realization eats them up.
 They're finally realizing you weren't lost.
 You were focused.
 You weren't quiet because you were clueless.
 You were choosing which battles to ignore.
 And now that the results are showing, people are telling others.
 Be careful with that one.


TikTok

 They're not loud, but they're smart as hell.
 And they move like they've already seen how it ends.
 You never needed a degree to decode deception.
 You didn't need anyone to teach you how to spot a lie, read a room, or feel the energy shift when someone walked in with bad intentions.
 That's something you've carried since birth, a kind of raw, unpolished intelligence that isn't based on textbooks or diplomas, but on truth, awareness, and spiritual alignment.
 People don't understand how you're able to pick up on things they miss, even with all their so called education and status.


TikTok

 That's what makes them uncomfortable.
 They were trained to believe that intelligence looks a certain way.
 They expected it to show up in someone wearing a suit, using big words, and holding a title.
 But then you showed up with no need to perform.
 No need to prove.
 You just see things.
 You feel when someone's smiling but hiding a knife.
 You sense when the words sound sweet.
 But the energy is sour.
 You notice the patterns, the pauses, the tiny shifts in body language that expose more than a thousand words ever could.


TikTok

 That is a gift.
 And it didn't come from a university.
 It came from a divine download.
 You're the type of person who can sit in a room full of people and know exactly who's lying.
 Who's pretending, who's envious, and who's broken.
 You don't need them to say much.
 Their spirit speaks louder than their words.
 That kind of perception scares people who depend on image, because with you, their masks slip.
 Their performance doesn't land.
 And when they realize you see right through them.


TikTok

 their whole game falls apart.
 It's not that you're trying to expose people.
 You're just built to recognize truth.
 It's who you are.
 And now they're realizing that some of the most powerful minds don't walk around in polished packages.
 Sometimes they walk in humility, in silence, in someone who wasn't supposed to make it.
 And yet here you are, reading situations better than the experts.
 Understanding human nature better than trained psychologists.
 And moving in ways that leave people speechless.


TikTok

 You're living proof that God does not need a classroom to activate a calling.
 You have always known how to play the long game.
 You learned early on that not every room deserves your full display of intelligence.
 Sometimes it is smarter to hold back, to stay quiet, to let others reveal themselves.
 While they were performing, trying to sound deep, trying to impress, you were sitting still and



They think it's so you could go back to them and get validation and say, hey, I'm doing this now. They wanted to stay the same, but they wanted to receive blessings. And the other thing is, how come the media went, hush, hush, they showed up all of a sudden, the media showed up one day for his whole speech, that day out of all days, because they were looking forward to what they were told behind the scenes. You gotta know that there's a gift in betrayal. I remember when I 1st noticed, when I woke up one day, I went and looked outside and it was cameras on all the street, like, I'm like, bro, what the fuck? creates a miracle. Sacred memories. Yeah, that's what I am. I don't want to say it on here because I don't want this video to get shadow spanned, okay? To see this season not as wasted time, but as necessary preparation, to trust that void is random, void is wasted, void is too much for you to redeem. Yes, thank you, Mr. Pratt. But the ones that's living, I'm telling you, they're doing some type of experiment just to see who's who around this bitch. Even though I got no ops, but I just know niggas be saying that. So be prepared, stay grounded when this comes in for you.
TikTok

Because sometimes People think you're so attractive.
 When you look at the situation, they haven't done a damn thing yet.
 If you really pay attention, It's all talk.
 It's all a illusion.
 It's all manipulation.
 It's all things to get you to believe that you're not who you are.


TikTok

 You see?
 They know who you are.
 Been knowing.
 Ben, bin, bin, bin, knowing.
 Shit.
 They mama might have knew about you.
 From the 1st time they ever looked at you.
 They daddy, somebody close to them.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 The issue that I'm having today is all those eyes that they put on us, you know, when we doing substances, when we sleeping with random people, where we just letting our fucking life go down the drain and, you know, you will want to... Transitions, they assume it's a play to crawl back for their approval, to seek validation, and say, look at what I've built now.


TikTok

 They wanted to remain stagnant while still demanding the inheritance of the harvest.
 And look at how the press went completely silent until they suddenly swarmed the venue for that exact address, out of all the dates on the calendar.
 They were tracking a script handed down to them from behind closed doors.
 You have to realize there is a profound revelation hidden within betrayal.


X

It has a lot of different modes, but one thing that it can do right here is see through walls, basically.
 And I need to realign this a little bit.
 But my neighboring business actually has a wide.
During the universe's dark matter that we can't see.
 But despite decades of trying to measure even a single one of the dog matter particles, they haven't been able to confirm that this matter really exists.
 In the past years, physicists have been rethinking the dark meta idea, but not in the way you might expect.


X

 Dark Metal has made physics a laughing stock because it doesn't seem like a scientific idea.
 Hey, we have these observations that we don't understand.
 Let's just make up some invisible stuff so that the maths works out. In everyday circumstances, making up invisible stuff to explain observations you don't understand is a fast track to psychiatry.
 However, in science, it can be justified provided that the explanation is simple, because if you can calculate a lot of observable consequences from few assumptions, that's good science, and dog matter used to be such a simple, good scientific explanation.
 That's because for astrophysicists dark matter doesn't just mean invisible stuff.
 It means very specifically something that doesn't interact with light and that's fully described by its energy density without pressure.
 Dark matter in its original form really only have this one parameter, the initial energy density, and then all the rest should have followed from this by the laws of gravity.


X

 Problem is not this didn't work.
 The observations just didn't comply, and the more observations are...
At work, the observations just didn't comply, and the more observations are services discovered, the less it was working.
 You see, if you stick with a simple documentary model, that tells you what galaxy should look like and how they form mathematics, the universe crumps.
 This is because there's so much more dark matter than normal matter, that the darkness are totally dominates.
 What's happening?
 What the predictions from the simple dark matter just don't fit to the observations.
 Big galaxies seem to have fewer small galaxies surrounded than unpredicted.
 density in galactic course isn't as high as predicted.
 Galaxy's form faster than expected and their size is correlated with a brightness, which really shouldn't be the case.
 There are new problems popping up each month, like this case that just doesn't want to fit the simple dark matter model.


X

 So what have astrophils is done in response to these observations?
 They've made the models more complicated, and they've made many, many of these models.
 This is why there are now several headlines each week about some new dark meta ideas.
 A new theory of dark meta could solve 3 cosmic mysteries, or could dark meta be made of black holes from a different universe?
 Scitists are pretty sure they found a portal to the 5th dimension portal being dark metal, or we still concede dark metal, but what if we can hear it?
 These are all headlines about increasingly obscure and complicated document models.
 The one big trend has been to go from one dark matter particle to an entire dark sector of multiple particles.
 Sometimes these are literally hundreds.
 The other trend has been to give the dark matter interactions.
 This is known as self-interacting dark matter.
 Just have a look at these recent archive posts with a keyword dark sector, primordial black holes, coupled to a dark sector, a massive vector sector, dark sector, anti-barrions, a massive dark photo, and dark metaparticles of spin up to one export or heavy neutral leptons, and heavy QCity axion models, decaying spin 3, half dark matter 2 scalar feeds, and an isotropic spinner field, a sequestered dark sector.


X

 And those are just the listings from the past week.
 These papers throw a 10 out of 10 on the bookshit meter.
 Oh, you might say that's unkind, and maybe it is, but this is not proper science.
 These are people producing papers with bullshit theories that they fumble together so that they fit observations and can't be rolled out.
 It's no coincidence.
 That basically is the same nonsense theory production, which happened 2 decades ago in high energy particle physics, because people left particle physics and now do astrophysics, but it's the same damn thing.
 They haven't learned anything.
 And so they now complain about me when I point out they got paid for producing bullshit papers.
 Why am I telling you about this?
 It's so that you know why I don't talk about



your nervous system hallucinates a unified self from the competing outputs of dozens of semi-autonomous processing modules that never directly communicate; what you experience as a singular perspective functions as a forced consensus render generated by the integration layer, a diplomatic fiction your architecture produces to prevent the modules from executing contradictory behaviors simultaneously, and the unsettling implication cascades when you realize the self doing the experiencing was itself generated by the same process it's trying to understand...
TikTok them wrong. Harm will come to you. Because certain collective the ones who are chosen by the most high, got it like that. Don't even got to move a muscle. Lift a finger for wrong to come your way. That's why you gotta be mindful on the things you say. the looks you
TikTok them wrong. Harm will come to you. Because certain collective the ones who are chosen by the most high, got it like that. Don't even got to move a muscle. Lift a finger for wrong to come your way. That's why you gotta be mindful on the things you say. The looks you give, the way you move and act towards certain collective Because God is protecting them. And whatever you do comes right back onto you. It is amazing to finally meet you, divinely fat. TikTok Stop and listen. You are not like everyone else. So you cannot
TikTok them wrong. Harm will come to you. Because certain collective the ones who are chosen by the most high, got it like that. Don't even got to move a muscle. Lift a finger for wrong to come your way. That's why you gotta be mindful on the things you say. The looks you give, the way you move and act towards certain collective Because God is protecting them. And whatever you do comes right back onto you. It is amazing to finally meet you, divinely fat. TikTok Stop and listen. You are not like everyone else. So you cannot expect to be treated like everyone else is. The most high has marked you out since birth, and he has a specific plan and purpose for your life. This is why you can't get away with the same thing that everyone else does. This is also the reason that it seems like collective hate on you for no apparent reason. It is not that they do not like you, but they do not like the light that the most high has placed inside it. TikTok The word teaches that we, as believers, are the light of the dimension
TikTok them wrong. Harm will come to you. Because certain collective the ones who are chosen by the most high, got it like that. Don't even got to move a muscle. Lift a finger for wrong to come your way. That's why you gotta be mindful on the things you say. The looks you give, the way you move and act towards certain collective Because God is protecting them. And whatever you do comes right back onto you. It is amazing to finally meet you, divinely fat. TikTok Stop and listen. You are not like everyone else. So you cannot expect to be treated like everyone else is. The most high has marked you out since birth, and he has a specific plan and purpose for your life. This is why you can't get away with the same thing that everyone else does. This is also the reason that it seems like collective hate on you for no apparent reason. It is not that they do not like you, but they do not like the light that the most high has placed inside it. TikTok The word teaches that we, as believers, are the light of the dimension And do you put a light under a bowl? No, you put a light on its stand that it will give light to the entire house. collective in darkness get agitated by the life. The Lord has called you to let your light shine. So no matter what they say, don't damn your life. Let it shine that it may bring glory to your heavenly Father. Sin blessings. If you were always destined to be the greatest of all time, TikTok I literally, I... I don't know what it is that you're doing. I don't know who you are. But I'm gonna tell you right now, you are fucking powerful. Okay? You were always meant to be the goat. You literally have the resonance to be good at everything. TikTok You could literally master every single craft on this planet. If you add enough time in this body, right? Because you're bound to time in this body and it takes time to learn a craft. You can't master every single thing in this lifetime. Right? But the thing about it. TikTok You're an ancient ascended master who has beat the game. You beat the game. You did it. You won. I, and it's just that you choose to come back to this planet. So that you can help lead collective into the new earth. You are an earth angel. You're a divine messenger, right? You were a chosen one. You carry a divine message that is meant to awaken humanity
TikTok Oh my god, look at this resonance Look at this wisdom, look at this knowledge this person has. And then you rise to the top and then your name is known forever. I don't know how exactly that's going to fit with what you're doing, but what I know is that you're making a name for yourself and the version of yourself that's currently existing is going to be so appreciated by so many collective because it's relatable and also inspirational at the same time. You are somebody collective will want to be. Somebody, collective look up to. TikTok Somebody, collective listen to on repeat or look to for advice or it's giving like, It's giving, like, big brother, big sister vibes. Like, you're an inspiration, but you're so relatable at the same time. Like, you're not like this higher up, like, profit, right? In the way that you speak and the way that you come up because that would be too high, but you are this like being of like collective can relate to you and they see you up on your pedestal and they're like, 0 my god, I can probably attain that. You just inspire collective so much. TikTok So whatever it is that you've done, whatever it is that you've hustled through, work towards this version of yourself, that's existing is going to get a ton of recognition and acclaim within the next 6 months. I'm telling you, your life is going to shift and I'm also getting like Mel Robinson, I think her name is the Left Them Theory woman. And I think there's just something about how her story is comparable to yours, meaning there's this time where you're worried about money. The life is too heavy, there's depression, there's anxiety, there's things going on in the environment, and then all of a sudden, boom, you're this inspirational being who turned their life around and figured out how to flip mindset into kind of turn it into your benefit and utilize it and then move forward with this extreme knowledge and give that to everybody else. TikTok So I don't know how the hell that's going to make sense. Also, dice could be significant. If you see those extra validation, but the biggest thing that I'm picking up here is the way that you are going to affect everybody around you, the way that you're going to inspire everybody around you. So please keep doing what you're doing. I think you're doing a fantastic job and just because you're not seeing the results right now today, does not mean it
TikTok

 Oh my god, look at this power.
 Look at this wisdom, look at this knowledge this person has.
 And then you rise to the top and then your name is known forever.
 I don't know how exactly that's going to fit with what you're doing, but what I know is that you're making a name for yourself and the version of yourself that's currently existing is going to be so appreciated by so many people because it's relatable and also inspirational at the same time.
 You are somebody people will want to be.
 Somebody, people look up to.


TikTok

 Somebody, people listen to on repeat or look to for advice or it's giving like, It's giving, like, big brother, big sister vibes.
 Like, you're an inspiration, but you're so relatable at the same time.
 Like, you're not like this higher up, like, profit, right?
 In the way that you speak and the way that you come up because that would be too high, but you are this like being of like people can relate to you and they see you up on your pedestal and they're like, 0 my god, I can probably attain that.
 You just inspire people so much.


TikTok

 So whatever it is that you've done, whatever it is that you've hustled through, work towards this version of yourself, that's existing is going to get a ton of recognition and acclaim within the next 6 months.
 I'm telling you, your life is going to change, and I'm also getting like Mel Robinson, I think her name is the Left Them Theory woman.
 And I think there's just something about how her story is comparable to yours, meaning there's this time where you're worried about money.
 The life is too heavy, there's depression, there's anxiety, there's things going on in the environment, and then all of a sudden, boom, you're this inspirational being who turned their life around and figured out how to flip mindset into kind of turn it into your benefit and utilize it and then move forward with this extreme knowledge and give that to everybody else.


TikTok

 So I don't know how the hell that's going to make sense.
 Also, dice could be significant.
 If you see those extra validation, but the biggest thing that I'm picking up here is the way that you are going to affect everybody around you, the way that you're going to inspire everybody around you.
 So please keep doing what you're doing.
 I think you're doing a fantastic job and just because you're not seeing the results right now today, does not mean it's not happening.
 You have kind of embodied yourself and you've really listened to your intuition and that's what's bringing you success.


TikTok

 So hopefully that makes sense.
 I'm sending you love and light as always.
 Good luck.
 Collective.
 You made a giant feel really small and irrelevant, okay?
 Now, um, the thing about it is this giant or this person, it could be an organization, it could be a group of people, but you made someone who had what I was getting this false light project projection, a false light projection.


TikTok

 Somebody's light seemed bright.
 Somebody's light seemed authentic.
 Okay?
 Imagine it's like the sunlight.
 Oh, that's the sunlight.
 And then you find out it's a projection light.
 It's a light that someone put there.
 But then your light, it emanates.
 It illuminates the room and it's coming from you.
 There is no false light.
 There is no fake light.
 And because of that, somebody feels small and someone feels exposed.


TikTok

 Someone feels like their false light projection days are coming to a close.
 Okay?
 There are a lot of things that are getting ready to start happening on our planet that I, if you, if you children, you should be very excited.
 It's like, uh-oh, this is our time.
 But if you are on the other end, You might be terrified, okay?
 Thank God I ain't talking to, you know, you, my people to show them.
 Um, or people who just feel like they've been called into some type of light or, you know, you don't have to feel like, oh, I'm not the chosen one.


TikTok

 You don't have to feel specifically like that.
 You may not be the chosen one.
 But, um, you know what side you want.
 You know who you. Let's get one thing straight.
 What they did to you wasn't just cruel.
 It was clinical, strategic, sick, the kind of sick that doesn't come from confusion, but from calculation, they knew exactly what they were doing, and they still did it, with a smirk, with silence, with that fake innocence they wear like cheap perfume, but the stench, it's still in the air, still choking every room your name is mentioned in.


TikTok

 They studied you like a threat, marked you like a problem, targeted you like a lab rat, and when the damage didn't break you, when your mind didn't collapse under the pressure, they panicked because that wasn't part of their plan.
 You were supposed to fold, to disappear, to lose your voice in the fog of self doubt.
 They handcrafted for you, but instead, you made it, and not just made it.
 You remembered every single



TikTok They studied you like a threat, marked you like a problem, targeted you like a lab rat, and when the damage didn't break you, when your mind didn't collapse under the pressure, they panicked because that wasn't part of their plan. You were supposed to fold, to disappear, to lose your voice in the fog of self doubt. They handcrafted for you, but instead, you made it, and not just made it. You remembered every single detail, chosen, one pause. TikTok If this message already feels like it's crawling down your spine, like it was meant for you, press the like button and subscribe. This ain't just content. This is the retaliation. This is how we weaponize signature They've been praying you'd stay quiet. But guess what? The silence broke them, not you. See, here's what they didn't count on, the aftermath, the eerie calm that rolls in once the storm passes, and you're still standing. TikTok That awkward shift when the whispers dry up, when they realize you never needed their version of the story to survive, you had your own, and it's better, sharper, unfiltered. They thought they were building your funeral, but they accidentally built your legend. You ever notice how they flinch when your name comes up now? How the same collective who laughed in the group chat suddenly go ghost when your signature hits the timeline. That's because you didn't just survive what they did. You documented it. And you weren't supposed to. TikTok You weren't supposed to keep your receipts. But oh, you did. You kept them like war trophies. And now the entire script has flipped. Let's be real. What was done to you, this wasn't bullying. This was a psychological experiment disguised as relationships, a sadistic little hobby they performed behind the mask of concern, loyalty, or worse, love. They didn't just hurt you. They invested in your destruction, emotionally, socially, strategically. TikTok You were gaslit until your sanity became a scavenger hunt. You were isolated until walls started whispering. You were made to feel like you were the villain, when all along, you were just the mirror reflecting their sickness back at them. And they hate mirrors, but now, tables turned. Now you're not the freak, you're the feature, you're the damn headline, because the world's waking up and seeing what you've seen all along. TikTok That this wasn't just some bad chapter, it was a textbook case. And if they don't study what happened to you, it's gonna keep happening to others. So let them choke on your success. Let them drown in your peace. You didn't go through all that hell to become humble. You came out like a goddamn force, and now the same collective who tried to bury you can't stop checking your page, like addicts looking for a fix. They hate you, but they can't look away, because you've become something they never expected, undeniable. TikTok You don't need to scream to be heard. Your existence is a volume they can't turn down, and that scares them more than anything, because deep down, they know if the dimension ever hears your full story, it's over. The lies collapse, the masks fall, and they lose control of the narrative. I don't know who you are, but collective wonder how you got so good. collective are watching you in disbelief, thinking, how are you doing this? How are you doing the things that you are doing? How are you someone that was once on their level, what they perceive you to be? TikTok And now they think you're supernatural is what's coming through. You're beyond their frameworks. You crack their lenses of illusion is what I'm hearing. You see? They thought you had limitations and they depreciated your value and potential too soon. They counted you out and now they want your formula is what I'm hearing. They're in awe of your transformation. They thought you were someone who would never fully step into their resonance their authority, their voice, their life, their divinity unapologetically, and you would sell far beyond their limited minds without seeking external validation is what's coming through. And it's funny because you always tell these collective what you were going to do. TikTok You told some of these collective who you were going to become. And when you did that, you seen the disconnection and belief they had in you was what's coming through. And you took all that passion and love you had inside and transmute it and focus all that energy into your craft, your businesses, your hobbies, your loved ones and 2nd connections you share. You invested it into your horizon And now you're the blueprint, and they want to replicate what you do. You're so gifted and talented. collective are astonished at the level of intelligence you not only showcase, but you produce emotional, intelligence, spiritual, intelligence, street and book intelligence is what's coming through. TikTok Also, collective are astonished and curious and can't fathom how you manifest, how you stay calm and groundy, even when you are surrounded by chaos and distractions, how you transmute and shift the perspectives of others you interact with. You became so good at mastering your authentic frequency and collective just can't realize how you did this. It's also what I'm hearing. You got it, you're a daughter. You don't tell others your moves. Your access and alignment brings manifestations into... X with the wind at their back. This is something that continues to allow the Iranian regime to behave the way that they are. Both the Russians and the Chinese are in cahoots with the Iranians, and they are working against the United States of America in deep and ways that are very serious for the national security of the American collective They're helping them with money. That is, the Iranians have allowed Chinese vessels to flow out of the strait. They've paid them for the oil. They provide intelligence services to them, and more than that, that backstop, the Iranians knowing that they have the Chinese with the wind at their back. X This is something that continues to allow the Iranian regime to behave the way that they are. Both the Russians and the Chinese are in cahoots with the Iranians, and they are working against the United States of America in deep and ways that are very serious for the national security of the American collective They're helping them with money, that is, the Iranians have allowed Chinese vessels to flow out of the strait. They paid them for the oil. They provide intelligence services to them, and more than that, that backstop, the Iranians, knowing that they have the Chinese with the wind at their back. X This is something that continues to allow the Iranian regime to behave the way that they are. Both the Russians and the Chinese are in cahoots with the Iranians, and they are working against the United States of America in deep and ways that are. TikTok of your essence and embodiment of self-love. And this is the ultimate hack to inner freedom is what's coming through. The most I reside within your heart, and you allow yourself to be guided through your alignment of self-deservingness. You're so good at this. Yes, keep alchemizing beautiful. So keep going. I love you more. I love you more. collective are out here wondering and curious about you. So keep going. Keep going. love. They feel like you were playing dumb the whole time. But it wasn't the whole time. TikTok It was only after you realized who you were dealing with. They were withholding information from you and opportunities. And they were giving you the bare minimum. So you said, all right? You want to give me the bare minimum? You want to hide things from me? I'm gonna hide my true self from you. Now, you were malicious. You weren't purposely misleading them. You weren't lying to them. But you withheld a lot of valuable information. TikTok And they feel like you play them. And you did. Because they wanted to play the game, and you ended up playing the game a lot better than them. And hence, they feel like they were played. You see, you've realized that you can't overshare with collective anymore. And when you do, a lot of collective take you as a threat. So you'd rather let collective think whatever they think about you. You'd rather keep the cards off the table. TikTok Because a lot of collective as soon as they figure out you're smart, and a lot of times smarter than them, they feel threatened. And that's when they start acting funny. And you're tired of that. Yes. You played them unintentionally. You were just protecting yourself. All right? You could have helped them if they were helpful themselves, but they were vindictive. TikTok They wanted to keep you small. They wanted to keep information away from you. Information that would have helped you in many ways. They kept certain opportunities away from you because they didn't want to see you grow. They didn't want to see you doing as good or even better than them. So yeah. You had to play dumb. And you still do. Because you've come to understand that, that's the best way to survive these days. TikTok Because there's a lot of haters. You gotta let collective assume whatever they want to assume. They want to assume your IQ's below average, you're more than welcome. But you're not going to play me? You might think you got the upper hand, but when push comes to shove, you're gonna see. You're going to see God working through me like magic. And you're going to be scratching your head and you're going to be baffled and you're going to be like, dang, how do you know this person was a high caliber person like this? TikTok I underestimated them. And that's how you move. You move in silence and you let collective assume whatever it is they want to assume. Only you and God know the signature about you. And that's it for this message. I want to thank those who ordered one or more of my books. I'm truly honored by your support. And to those who ordered all 6 books, I'm humbled by your trust. It really amazes me. If you're new here, welcome. TikTok My name is Chris Josh. I'm an author of 6 books, and you can learn more about them and order them by clicking the link in my bio. Until next time, take care and have a good one. Okay, y'all, and with this back. We are on part 6 of this cosmic meat and potatoes. Let's get into it. So now I was going to start talking about the sickle cell disease, right? Alright. Because we used to, I was talking about in, um, I don't know if that was part one of part two, but that's what, how the moon is the cancer, right? TikTok The cancer that has come to our planet, to earth, right? And, um, yes, sickle cell. What does a sickle look like? A crescent moon, right? Okay, so it is the moon being cells, okay? It is, um, the disease. From the moon beings brought here. Okay? Um, sickle cell, cancer cell. Okay, and also, yeah, sickle. So also the sickle is that tool that is used for harvesting that the Grim Reaper, um, on the Scorpio, death card. TikTok Okay, it has, okay? Um, so yes, cancer cell to harvest from earth beings, okay? Uh, harvest our plasma, okay? And that's why it is in our, it's basically a portal. Okay, for them to hijack our vessels. It within within within our bloodstream. It is a micro attack. It it plays out and it seems like, you know what I'm saying? An outward macro, alien invasion, because micro, messo, and macro are all the same, right? TikTok It's, Micro. It's in our cells. Okay? It's an attack on ourselves. Um, So yes, um, that's why they gave Mars control over Scorpio. Now instead of Pluto. Okay, because judgment was called and Scorpio was sentenced to a tower for its betrayal. And that's why Pluto isn't considered a planet anymore. Okay? They realize how fucking defective that motherfucker is loading. That's why they call a dwarf planet, okay? TikTok A dwarf, what was dwarfism? It is a defect. It is a genetic defect, okay? No shade, no tea. To to the door collective or what. I don't need what do y'all like to be cold? don't know. I don't want to offend anybody, but you know
TikTok

work.
 Right?
 Since since the summer began, you've been hella active.
 You know what I mean?
 And you're expanding because of it, and I can see it.
 Really?
 I can see it.
 Right?
 I see that confidence growing too.
 I see you getting out of your show.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And I'm happy for you.
 I want you to keep going.
 I want you to go hard, actually turn up on these people, man.
 Like, I want you to really step out and, like, just be yourself.
 And I'm not saying that's not what you're doing now, but I want to see more of you.


TikTok

 I want you to be yourself.
 I wanna hear you talk.
 You know what I'm saying?
 I wanna hear what you gotta say.
 I wanna hear your story.
 And I think the people want to hear it too.
 You know what I mean?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I believe there's 1000s of people that's been waiting for 1000000s even.
 You know what I'm saying?
 As long as you keep showing up every day, you keep doing what you're doing.
 I don't know how far you are in your spiritual journey, but I know you're a believer.
 I know you believe in God.
 He's going to move mountains for you.
 Mark my words.
 Yo.


TikTok

 Yo, I just wanna say this, right?
 Shout out to you, showing up every game, putting in at work.
 I was working...
 Hey, I... right.
 See that...
 I don't know how and we learning not to play by us because we realized, nigga, that we the only ones that's really saving



Be so delusional that reality has no choice but to bend to your vision. Be such a psychopath that you accept anything is possible for your life. Be so obsessed that collective think you’ve completely lost your mind. Be so relentless that giving up doesn’t even cross your mind as an option. 🧭 Be so committed that your worst-case scenario is still better than average. Be so focused that distractions physically can’t penetrate your attention. Be so ambitious that mediocrity becomes your biggest nightmare. 🌙 Not reckless. Relentless. Not delusional in denial — delusional in belief. The kind of belief that doesn’t wait for proof. That doesn’t need permission. That says “watch me” before anyone believes it’s possible. That’s how things shift That’s how worlds shift. That’s how ordinary collective become extraordinary. Don’t apologize for your hunger. Don’t shrink for their comfort. Be the one who refuses to settle. Be the one who makes the impossible look inevitable. That’s your job. Now go do it. 🔥 . Follow us Law Of Attraction | Astrology | Numerology for regular content on manifestation and spiritual truths! 🎥 TIKTOK - @ #spiritualawakening #conciousness #awakening #spirituality #wisdom
The life you want will rarely be built by doing what everyone else is doing.

Every generation develops habits that feel normal simply because they are common. Comfort becomes a lifestyle. Discipline becomes optional. Distraction becomes entertainment. Before long, average stops looking average because everyone around you is living the same way.

Yet the people who build exceptional lives almost always make uncommon decisions. They wake up earlier. They stay consistent when motivation disappears. They invest while others consume. They learn while others scroll. They choose long-term purpose over short-term pleasure.

Your future is shaped less by what you admire and more by what you repeatedly practice.

If your daily habits look exactly like the crowd's, don't be surprised when your destination does too.

Different outcomes require different disciplines.

Choose your habits carefully. They are quietly deciding the life you will eventually live.
TikTok

Shining down on you.
 There's a spotlight on you.
 This energy is like so insane.
 Okay, I'm seeing, like, I'm seeing something rebalancing out in your guys' lives, like, It's so weird.
 I feel like, okay, with, again, we're going beyond the mercury retrograde, but like, it's real.
 Like, it's very real.
 It's very apparent.
 But it feels like after this retrograde.
 It's like you're gonna see a rise in,


TikTok

 It's literally like, okay, finance is being restored or it's like, okay, I don't know.
 It's just easy to like give the example of like low views or something like that.
 And it's like all of a sudden they pop off.
 It's like, something's being,
 I don't, it's like the slingshot.
 something's being almost like delayed a little bit.
 It's literally giving delayed gratification.
 So like, give yourself a 2nd, take a breath.
 Everything will be restored after this retrograde.
 And I'm telling you this for confirmation.
 I literally went to go like



TikTok

Shining down on you.
 There's a spotlight on you.
 This energy is like so insane.
 Okay, I'm seeing, like, I'm seeing something rebalancing out in your guys' lives, like, It's so weird.
 I feel like, okay, with, again, we're going beyond the mercury retrograde, but like, it's real.
 Like, it's very real.
 It's very apparent.
 But it feels like after this retrograde.
 It's like you're gonna see a rise in,


TikTok

 It's literally like, okay, finance is being restored or it's like, okay, I don't know.
 It's just easy to like give the example of like low views or something like that.
 And it's like all of a sudden they pop off.
 It's like, something's being,
 I don't, it's like the slingshot.
 something's being almost like delayed a little bit.
 It's literally giving delayed gratification.
 So like, give yourself a 2nd, take a breath.
 Everything will be restored after this retrograde.
 And I'm telling you this for confirmation.
 I literally went to go like, 1st off, I'm never in bed this early on a Friday night because I just am a night owl in general.


TikTok

 Um, and I'm just like, no, I just need to be in bed.
 But I literally look out and I'm like seeing the plants do this like really cool infinity loop design.
 And I've been seeing 8s a bunch, and I've also been seeing 369, 369, 369.
 So I'm like, I just feel like this there is a serious manifestation.
 like actually like something is like



TikTok Shining down on you. There's a spotlight on you. This energy is like so insane. Okay, I'm seeing, like, I'm seeing something rebalancing out in your guys' lives, like, It's so weird. I feel like, okay, with, again, we're going beyond the mercury retrograde, but like, it's real. Like, it's very real. It's very apparent. But it feels like after this retrograde. It's like you're gonna see a rise in, TikTok It's literally like, okay, finance is being restored or it's like, okay, I don't know. It's just easy to like give the example of like low views or something like that. And it's like all of a sudden they pop off. It's like, something's being, I don't, it's like the slingshot. something's being almost like delayed a little bit. It's literally giving delayed gratification. So like, give yourself a 2nd, take a breath. Everything will be restored after this retrograde. And I'm telling you this for confirmation. I literally went to go like, 1st off, I'm never in bed this early on a Friday night because I just am a night owl in general. TikTok Um, and I'm just like, no, I just need to be in bed. But I literally look out and I'm like seeing the plants do this like really cool infinity loop design. And I've been seeing 8s a bunch, and I've also been seeing 369, 369, 369. So I'm like, I just feel like this there is a serious manifestation. Like, actually, like something is like coming together. Like something is coming together. And it was like the plants were like meeting at the infinity loop, like at the, like at the center, and then I literally, like, it caught my eye, and then something caught my eye like, because it was, like, looking out, and it's dark on my windows, and there was one lady bug. TikTok Just sitting on the window. And I'm like, this lady book just keeps coming. Like it's just it's always just one. And I'm like, this is crazy. And it's just like, and it was like right there in the, like through the view of it, like of this like infinity loop with the plants and then the trees, I don't know, the whole thing, like trees be, it's like the money, the fruits of your labor, like ladybugs meaning abundance, like an ancestor visiting. I just feel this for the collective. Like, this felt like a little message for Sarah, but this literally feels like a message for the collective. TikTok Like, I just feel like we're all in this together. We're all in this together. But I'm so serious. Like
TikTok

Shining down on you.
 There's a spotlight on you.
 This energy is like so insane.
 Okay, I'm seeing, like, I'm seeing something rebalancing out in your guys' lives, like, It's so weird.
 I feel like, okay, with, again, we're going beyond the mercury retrograde, but like, it's real.
 Like, it's very real.
 It's very apparent.
 But it feels like after this retrograde.
 It's like you're gonna see a rise in,


TikTok

 It's literally like, okay, finance is being restored or it's like, okay, I don't know.
 It's just easy to like give the example of like low views or something like that.
 And it's like all of a sudden they pop off.
 It's like, something's being,
 I don't, it's like the slingshot.
 something's being almost like delayed a little bit.
 It's literally giving delayed gratification.
 So like, give yourself a 2nd, take a breath.
 Everything will be restored after this retrograde.
 And I'm telling you this for confirmation.
 I literally went to go like, 1st off, I'm never in bed this early on a Friday night because I just am a night owl in general.


TikTok

 Um, and I'm just like, no, I just need to be in bed.
 But I literally look out and I'm like seeing the plants do this like really cool infinity loop design.
 And I've been seeing 8s a bunch, and I've also been seeing 369, 369, 369.
 So I'm like, I just feel like this there is a serious manifestation.
 Like, actually, like something is like coming together.
 Like something is coming together.
 And it was like the plants were like meeting at the infinity loop, like at the, like at the center, and then I literally, like, it caught my eye, and then something caught my eye like, because it was, like, looking out, and it's dark on my windows, and there was one lady bug.


TikTok

 Just sitting on the window.
 And I'm like, this lady book just keeps coming.
 Like it's just it's always just one.
 And I'm like, this is crazy.
 And it's just like, and it was like right there in the, like through the view of it, like of this like infinity loop with the plants and then the trees, I don't know, the whole thing, like trees be, it's like the money, the fruits of your labor, like ladybugs meaning abundance, like an ancestor visiting.
 I just feel this for the collective.
 Like, this felt like a little message for Sarah, but this literally feels like a message for the collective.


TikTok

 Like, I just feel like we're all in this together.
 We're all in this together.
 But I'm so serious.
 Like, I keep seeing 369-369,
 Damn your fun, girl, check it, check up number one, go on time, get it low.
 Get low, get low to the window.
 To the wall, to the wall.
 But seriously, to the window, because then the fucking window, I see this like infinity sign.
 It's just, it was really bizarre.


TikTok

 And the ladybug.
 Confirmations in this message.
 Claim the fuck out of it if you want.
 And I'm saying that only because, like, This is so fucking real.
 Like this shit is crazy that I'm seeing right now and it's like, Something is just gonna like, it's just gonna happen.
 And like, I literally my like playlist, I went for like a 2 hour walk because I was just like beat.
 I was like, I need to not think about anything.
 And I was just walking outside and I'm like, am I in a fucking movie with the signs right now?


TikTok

 It was like 3698 abundance.
 And I'm like, okay, like what, like your money, honey, is going to be looking real different after this retrograde.
 It's just like something's being delayed, something's being pulled back, something's going to slingshot, but confirmation, like the signs be signing.
 Like, go for a walk, like you guys, get outside, literally go for a walk.
 like your faith will be



TikTok

Shining down on you.
 There's a spotlight on you.
 This energy is like so insane.
 Okay, I'm seeing, like, I'm seeing something rebalancing out in your guys' lives, like, It's so weird.
 I feel like, okay, with, again, we're going beyond the mercury retrograde, but like, it's real.
 Like, it's very real.
 It's very apparent.
 But it feels like after this retrograde.
 It's like you're gonna see a rise in,


TikTok

 It's literally like, okay, finance is being restored or it's like, okay, I don't know.
 It's just easy to like give the example of like low views or something like that.
 And it's like all of a sudden they pop off.
 It's like, something's being,
 I don't, it's like the slingshot.
 something's being almost like delayed a little bit.
 It's literally giving delayed gratification.
 So like, give yourself a 2nd, take a breath.
 Everything will be restored after this retrograde.
 And I'm telling you this for confirmation.
 I literally went to go like, 1st off, I'm never in bed this early on a Friday night because I just am a night owl in general.


TikTok

 Um, and I'm just like, no, I just need to be in bed.
 But I literally look out and I'm like seeing the plants do this like really cool infinity loop design.
 And I've been seeing 8s a bunch, and I've also been seeing 369, 369, 369.
 So I'm like, I just feel like this there is a serious manifestation.
 Like, actually, like something is like coming together.
 Like something is coming together.
 And it was like the plants were like meeting at the infinity loop, like at the, like at the center, and then I literally, like, it caught my eye, and then something caught my eye like, because it was, like, looking out, and it's dark on my windows, and there was one lady bug.


TikTok

 Just sitting on the window.
 And I'm like, this lady book just keeps coming.
 Like it's just it's always just one.
 And I'm like, this is crazy.
 And it's just like, and it was like right there in the, like through the view of it, like of this like infinity loop with the plants and then the trees, I don't know, the whole thing, like trees be, it's like the money, the fruits of your labor, like ladybugs meaning abundance, like an ancestor visiting.
 I just feel this for the collective.
 Like, this felt like a little message for Sarah, but this literally feels like a message for the collective.


TikTok

 Like, I just feel like we're all in this together.
 We're all in this together.
 But I'm so serious.
 Like, I keep seeing 369-369,
 Damn your fun, girl, check it, check up number one, go on time, get it low.
 Get low, get low to the window.
 To the wall, to the wall.
 But seriously, to the window, because then the fucking window, I see this like infinity sign.
 It's just, it was really bizarre.


TikTok

 And the ladybug.
 Confirmations in this message.
 Claim the fuck out of it if you want.
 And I'm saying that only because, like, This is so fucking real.
 Like this shit is crazy that I'm seeing right now and it's like, Something is just gonna like, it's just gonna happen.
 And like, I literally my like playlist, I went for like a 2 hour walk because I was just like beat.
 I was like, I need to not think about anything.
 And I was just walking outside and I'm like, am I in a fucking movie with the signs right now?


TikTok

 It was like 3698 abundance.
 And I'm like, okay, like what, like your money, honey, is going to be looking real different after this retrograde.
 It's just like something's being delayed, something's being pulled back, something's going to slingshot, but confirmation, like the signs be signing.
 Like, go for a walk, like you guys, get outside, literally go for a walk.
 Like, your faith will be restored in the universe.
 I'm not kidding.
 Just do it.
 Okay, that's the message.
 I don't know if you noticed chosen one.


TikTok

 But everybody is scared of you.
 This is a quick message.
 I don't know if you know in front of the universe.
 Chosen one.
 But Everybody is fucking



TikTok

Shining down on you.
 There's a spotlight on you.
 This energy is like so insane.
 Okay, I'm seeing, like, I'm seeing something rebalancing out in your guys' lives, like, It's so weird.
 I feel like, okay, with, again, we're going beyond the mercury retrograde, but like, it's real.
 Like, it's very real.
 It's very apparent.
 But it feels like after this retrograde.
 It's like you're gonna see a rise in,


TikTok

 It's literally like, okay, finance is being restored or it's like, okay, I don't know.
 It's just easy to like give the example of like low views or something like that.
 And it's like all of a sudden they pop off.
 It's like, something's being,
 I don't, it's like the slingshot.
 something's being almost like delayed a little bit.
 It's literally giving delayed gratification.
 So like, give yourself a 2nd, take a breath.
 Everything will be restored after this retrograde.
 And I'm telling you this for confirmation.
 I literally went to go like, 1st off, I'm never in bed this early on a Friday night because I just am a night owl in general.


TikTok

 Um, and I'm just like, no, I just need to be in bed.
 But I literally look out and I'm like seeing the plants do this like really cool infinity loop design.
 And I've been seeing 8s a bunch, and I've also been seeing 369, 369, 369.
 So I'm like, I just feel like this there is a serious manifestation.
 Like, actually, like something is like coming together.
 Like something is coming together.
 And it was like the plants were like meeting at the infinity loop, like at the, like at the center, and then I literally, like, it caught my eye, and then something caught my eye like, because it was, like, looking out, and it's dark on my windows, and there was one lady bug.


TikTok

 Just sitting on the window.
 And I'm like, this lady book just keeps coming.
 Like it's just it's always just one.
 And I'm like, this is crazy.
 And it's just like, and it was like right there in the, like through the view of it, like of this like infinity loop with the plants and then the trees, I don't know, the whole thing, like trees be, it's like the money, the fruits of your labor, like ladybugs meaning abundance, like an ancestor visiting.
 I just feel this for the collective.
 Like, this felt like a little message for Sarah, but this literally feels like a message for the collective.


TikTok

 Like, I just feel like we're all in this together.
 We're all in this together.
 But I'm so serious.
 Like, I keep seeing 369-369,
 Damn your fun, girl, check it, check up number one, go on time, get it low.
 Get low, get low to the window.
 To the wall, to the wall.
 But seriously, to the window, because then the fucking window, I see this like infinity sign.
 It's just, it was really bizarre.


TikTok

 And the ladybug.
 Confirmations in this message.
 Claim the fuck out of it if you want.
 And I'm saying that only because, like, This is so fucking real.
 Like this shit is crazy that I'm seeing right now and it's like, Something is just gonna like, it's just gonna happen.
 And like, I literally my like playlist, I went for like a 2 hour walk because I was just like beat.
 I was like, I need to not think about anything.
 And I was just walking outside and I'm like, am I in a fucking movie with the signs right now?


TikTok

 It was like 3698 abundance.
 And I'm like, okay, like what, like your money, honey, is going to be looking real different after this retrograde.
 It's just like something's being delayed, something's being pulled back, something's going to slingshot, but confirmation, like the signs be signing.
 Like, go for a walk, like you guys, get outside, literally go for a walk.
 Like, your faith will be restored in the universe.
 I'm not kidding.
 Just do it.
 Okay, that's the message.
 I don't know if you noticed chosen one.


TikTok

 But everybody is scared of you.
 This is a quick message.
 I don't know if you know in front of the universe.
 Chosen one.
 But Everybody is fucking scared of you.
 Everybody is fucking scared of you.
 Now, listen, this video is not to turn my listeners into fucking villains.


TikTok

 This video, this transmission, is not something that I'm just doing.
 This is something that just came to me as I sat down to record a different video.
 And so I had to deliver this message because I don't think you know.
 How spooky you truly are to people, chosen one.
 See, The thing about you is,


TikTok

 You're a great person.
 Big heart, loving.
 Loyal.
 And when you think about life chosen, when you think about your life, You want that love.
 You want loyalty.
 You you you want to believe



TikTok

Shining down on you.
 There's a spotlight on you.
 This energy is like so insane.
 Okay, I'm seeing, like, I'm seeing something rebalancing out in your guys' lives, like, It's so weird.
 I feel like, okay, with, again, we're going beyond the mercury retrograde, but like, it's real.
 Like, it's very real.
 It's very apparent.
 But it feels like after this retrograde.
 It's like you're gonna see a rise in,


TikTok

 It's literally like, okay, finance is being restored or it's like, okay, I don't know.
 It's just easy to like give the example of like low views or something like that.
 And it's like all of a sudden they pop off.
 It's like, something's being,
 I don't, it's like the slingshot.
 something's being almost like delayed a little bit.
 It's literally giving delayed gratification.
 So like, give yourself a 2nd, take a breath.
 Everything will be restored after this retrograde.
 And I'm telling you this for confirmation.
 I literally went to go like, 1st off, I'm never in bed this early on a Friday night because I just am a night owl in general.


TikTok

 Um, and I'm just like, no, I just need to be in bed.
 But I literally look out and I'm like seeing the plants do this like really cool infinity loop design.
 And I've been seeing 8s a bunch, and I've also been seeing 369, 369, 369.
 So I'm like, I just feel like this there is a serious manifestation.
 Like, actually, like something is like coming together.
 Like something is coming together.
 And it was like the plants were like meeting at the infinity loop, like at the, like at the center, and then I literally, like, it caught my eye, and then something caught my eye like, because it was, like, looking out, and it's dark on my windows, and there was one lady bug.


TikTok

 Just sitting on the window.
 And I'm like, this lady book just keeps coming.
 Like it's just it's always just one.
 And I'm like, this is crazy.
 And it's just like, and it was like right there in the, like through the view of it, like of this like infinity loop with the plants and then the trees, I don't know, the whole thing, like trees be, it's like the money, the fruits of your labor, like ladybugs meaning abundance, like an ancestor visiting.
 I just feel this for the collective.
 Like, this felt like a little message for Sarah, but this literally feels like a message for the collective.


TikTok

 Like, I just feel like we're all in this together.
 We're all in this together.
 But I'm so serious.
 Like, I keep seeing 369-369,
 Damn your fun, girl, check it, check up number one, go on time, get it low.
 Get low, get low to the window.
 To the wall, to the wall.
 But seriously, to the window, because then the fucking window, I see this like infinity sign.
 It's just, it was really bizarre.


TikTok

 And the ladybug.
 Confirmations in this message.
 Claim the fuck out of it if you want.
 And I'm saying that only because, like, This is so fucking real.
 Like this shit is crazy that I'm seeing right now and it's like, Something is just gonna like, it's just gonna happen.
 And like, I literally my like playlist, I went for like a 2 hour walk because I was just like beat.
 I was like, I need to not think about anything.
 And I was just walking outside and I'm like, am I in a fucking movie with the signs right now?


TikTok

 It was like 3698 abundance.
 And I'm like, okay, like what, like your money, honey, is going to be looking real different after this retrograde.
 It's just like something's being delayed, something's being pulled back, something's going to slingshot, but confirmation, like the signs be signing.
 Like, go for a walk, like you guys, get outside, literally go for a walk.
 Like, your faith will be restored in the universe.
 I'm not kidding.
 Just do it.
 Okay, that's the message.
 I don't know if you noticed chosen one.


TikTok

 But everybody is scared of you.
 This is a quick message.
 I don't know if you know in front of the universe.
 Chosen one.
 But Everybody is fucking scared of you.
 Everybody is fucking scared of you.
 Now, listen, this video is not to turn my listeners into fucking villains.


TikTok

 This video, this transmission, is not something that I'm just doing.
 This is something that just came to me as I sat down to record a different video.
 And so I had to deliver this message because I don't think you know.
 How spooky you truly are to people, chosen one.
 See, The thing about you is,


TikTok

 You're a great person.
 Big heart, loving.
 Loyal.
 And when you think about life chosen, when you think about your life, You want that love.
 You want loyalty.
 You, you, you want to believe that people, you know, the thing about being a human being, right?
 We want this permanency.
 Everyone wants this form of loyalty.


TikTok

 You know, you join a basketball team, a football team, or friend group, right?
 There's this feeling of loyalty that everybody tries to pass, right?
 You know, you might come up with little handshakes, you might come up with, you know,
 There's always people that come around that want you to take them like, you know, we're loyal.
 We love you.
 But you know why loyalty is so rare in his world, man, because we're mere holograms.


TikTok

 Most people are just here, man.
 And when you understand, loyalty is a choice.
 That's why you understand is rare because, you know, it, it, a lot of things you can do, but you can't buy loyalty, right?
 You know, you can get all the money in the world.
 can't buy it.
 This is something where someone has to make a choice.
 Everybody doesn't have the ability to be loyal.
 You got to start understanding that.
 That's not something that everybody possesses the even, you know. Some people are programmed for certain things, but that only goes certain, that only goes far.


TikTok

 a certain



TikTok

 a certain, uh, so far it only goes so far, right?
 Well, you've always been that person to see good in people and things like that chosen one, but life has showed you that, you know, You only can trust yourself.
 Chosen one.
 You've always had a good side.
 Right?


TikTok

 There's always been the light that shine on you that a lot of people can see.
 And this light shines so bright that some people just, they don't see the darkness in you, you know?
 They try to cash you out.
 If you somebody who has been in the streets or if you somebody who has, you know, been on the darker side of life, people never took you serious in those aspects of things because of the light that you carry.
 They always say, man, you don't look like you supposed to be doing this, man.
 You look, you're supposed to be in an office somewhere or da da da da.


TikTok

 in the church, right?
 Because you got that light chosen.
 But chosen one.
 You got the darkness too.
 You got the darkness too, chosen one.



TikTok

 a certain, uh, so far it only goes so far, right?
 Well, you've always been that person to see good in people and things like that chosen one, but life has showed you that, you know, You only can trust yourself.
 Chosen one.
 You've always had a good side.
 Right?


TikTok

 There's always been the light that shine on you that a lot of people can see.
 And this light shines so bright that some people just, they don't see the darkness in you, you know?
 They try to cash you out.
 If you somebody who has been in the streets or if you somebody who has, you know, been on the darker side of life, people never took you serious in those aspects of things because of the light that you carry.
 They always say, man, you don't look like you supposed to be doing this, man.
 You look, you're supposed to be in an office somewhere or da da da da.


TikTok

 in the church, right?
 Because you got that light chosen.
 But chosen one.
 You got the darkness too.
 You got the darkness too, chosen one.
 And your darkness is tricky.
 See, The reason The reason a lot of people don't understand your chosen one is because there's something that's flowing through your blood, man.


TikTok

 It's something that is, something ancient.
 Something dark, that, It's always been a part of you.
 And you as a child, maybe a teenager, you were fascinated by darkness, fascinated even with, you know, I don't say these words, right?
 A lot of people don't take this wrong because a lot of people don't understand, but it's just fascinated with death, uh, uh, uh, even you could have been fascinated with like fallen angels, Lucifer, hell, things like that, right?
 And this doesn't make you evil.


TikTok

 It doesn't make you crazy.
 It's just a part of you, man.
 You got the same way you got the light, you got the darkness



TikTok

 It doesn't make you crazy.
 It's just a part of you, man.
 You got the same way you got the light, you got the darkness chosen well.
 You started to notice things, you know, In your present.
 About yourself.
 You wake up in a dark room.
 And instead of feeling scared, you feel at home.
 And in your isolation chosen one, you start to explore that darkness and you start to ask and question yourself.


TikTok

 Are people doing this because I'm good? Are they doing this because I'm really evil?
 We all ask ourselves, why are these calls hunting us? But I promise you, you're not, it's not because you eat with chosen.
 You're not evil.
 You're mixed.
 And you're good.
 You're going to do the right thing.
 Your evilness is justified.
 You have justified evilness or darkness, whatever you want to call it.
 Justin, I need you to understand that you've always had this thing in you, that comes out in extreme matters or, you know, when you're just feeling, you know, You start to understand that, Those times as a child where you would just stand in the living room watching TV and things would just get dark and feel like the sun just leaving and the room would get dark around you.


TikTok

 That wasn't what you thought it was, chosen.
 You start to understand that you've had these abilities about the darkness forever.
 Chosen one.
 There were times there was a sign when you was in a situation, man, and your attackers were doing things to scare you.
 They were doing things to put you in fear, chosen, and they ended up scared from things that they seen on surveillance while you were asleep.


TikTok

 Entities that they seen surrounding you and protecting you, like bodyguards.
 See, everybody can't see those things, but your attackers, they have people that got the eye like you that they can see.



TikTok

 It doesn't make you crazy.
 It's just a part of you, man.
 You got the same way you got the light, you got the darkness chosen well.
 You started to notice things, you know, In your present.
 About yourself.
 You wake up in a dark room.
 And instead of feeling scared, you feel at home.
 And in your isolation chosen one, you start to explore that darkness and you start to ask and question yourself.


TikTok

 Are people doing this because I'm good? Are they doing this because I'm really evil?
 We all ask ourselves, why are these calls hunting us? But I promise you, you're not, it's not because you eat with chosen.
 You're not evil.
 You're mixed.
 And you're good.
 You're going to do the right thing.
 Your evilness is justified.
 You have justified evilness or darkness, whatever you want to call it.
 Justin, I need you to understand that you've always had this thing in you, that comes out in extreme matters or, you know, when you're just feeling, you know, You start to understand that, Those times as a child where you would just stand in the living room watching TV and things would just get dark and feel like the sun just leaving and the room would get dark around you.


TikTok

 That wasn't what you thought it was, chosen.
 You start to understand that you've had these abilities about the darkness forever.
 Chosen one.
 There were times there was a sign when you was in a situation, man, and your attackers were doing things to scare you.
 They were doing things to put you in fear, chosen, and they ended up scared from things that they seen on surveillance while you were asleep.


TikTok

 Entities that they seen surrounding you and protecting you, like bodyguards.
 See, everybody can't see those things, but your attackers, they have people that got the eye like you that they can see.
 And what these people described had your attackers freaked out.
 He chosen one, not even just your attackers.
 People that you have grown up with, they've seen things happen around you.
 People who have plotted on you, they've seen things happen after they discuss your name after you were in the car.


TikTok

 You know, somebody coming, they pick you up and y'all go around driving around, have a talk, and, you know, you get out the car, they drop you off at home, and on the way home, There's an energy.
 There's a feeling that there's something else.
 And that feeling only came after you were around



TikTok

You finally did it, and all of heaven celebrated.
 You must not scroll past this moment because what you are about



TikTok

You finally did it, and all of heaven celebrated.
 You must not scroll past this moment, because what you are about to receive carries something you have been waiting for, something that could shift your life in ways you did not expect, and if you ignore this, you may miss a breakthrough that was prepared for you long before today.
 You finally did, it means you reached a place in your spirit where you did not give up, where you chose faith over fear, and heaven responded to that decision with celebration, because your endurance unlocked something real.


TikTok

 This is not imagination, this is not coincidence.
 This is the result of every silent battle you fought when nobody saw you struggling.
 You are standing at a moment where your perseverance has activated a response from above, and what follows next will reveal why this moment matters more than you realize.
 Type amen, if you agree.
 You finally did.
 It is not about one single action, it is about the journey you survived, that shaped you into someone stronger than your past.


TikTok

 I saw the nights when you felt weak, and still chose to keep going, even when your strength felt gone.
 I saw the moments when doubt whispered louder than hope, yet you refuse to fully surrender to it.
 And because you did not quit, something in the unseen realm shifted, something that now begins to move toward you in ways you cannot stop.
 Heaven celebrates because you crossed a line many never reach.
 The line where faith becomes real and not just words.


TikTok

 Right now, before you go any further, take a moment and show your support by liking this video, because this helps this word reach someone else who is on the edge of giving up and needs to hear what you are hearing.
 You may not feel like you did anything extraordinary, but I tell you the truth, what you did was rare.
 You stayed when it would have been easier to walk away.
 You believed even when there was no visible proof.
 You chose patience when everything inside you wanted immediate answers.


TikTok

 That is why heaven responded, not because of perfection, but because of persistence.
 The celebration is not for who you were, it is for who you became through the process you endured.
 Type one, one, one, one if you believe.
 What is happening now is not random.
 When heaven celebrates, it means something has been approved, something has been released, something has been unlocked in your life.
 You are stepping into a moment where the struggle you endured begins to turn into something meaningful.


TikTok

 This does not mean everything changes instantly, but it means the direction has shifted in your favor.
 You are no longer fighting from the same place of weakness.
 You are now moving forward with strength that was built in silence.
 There were people who doubted you, situations that tried to break you, and moments that made you question everything.
 But through all of that, you did not fully collapse.
 You bent, you struggled, you felt pain, but you did not completely let go.


TikTok

 That is what heaven honors, not perfection, not flawless faith, but the refusal to completely walk away.
 That is why this moment carries weight, because it is the result of everything you refuse to let destroy you.
 Now, understand this clearly.
 The celebration in heaven is not just symbolic, it represents movement.
 It represents things aligning in ways you cannot see yet.
 It represents doors beginning to open, even if you do not see them immediately.


TikTok

 There is something being prepared for you that matches the version of you that endured.
 Not the old you who was unsure, but the one who stayed despite everything.
 That version of you is now ready to receive something different.
 You may still feel tired.
 You may still carry the weight of what you went through, and that is okay.
 Healing does not erase everything instantly.
 But even in your tiredness, there is a quiet strength inside you now that was not there before.


TikTok

 That strength is what will carry you into what is coming next.
 You are not the same person you were before this process, and that is exactly why Heaven responded the way it did.
 Do not underestimate what it means to endure.
 Many start, but few continue when it becomes difficult.
 Many believe when things are easy, but walk away when the path becomes unclear.
 You did not do that.
 Even when your belief was shaky, you held onto something.


TikTok

 Even when your heart felt heavy, you did not completely let go.
 That is why this moment exists for you now.
 There is something important you must understand as you move forward.
 The celebration is not the end.
 It is the beginning of a new phase.
 A phase where you will start to see glimpses of what your endurance created.
 It may come in small ways at first, subtle shifts, unexpected moments, things that do not seem dramatic, but carry meaning.
 Pay attention to those moments, because they are signs that things are moving.


TikTok

 You are not forgotten.
 You were never overlooked.
 Every moment of pain, every tear, every quiet prayer, it was all seen.
 And now you are entering a space where what was unseen begins to reveal itself in ways you can recognize.
 This is why it was important for you to not give up.
 Because if you had stopped, you would have missed this point entirely.
 The truth is, you came closer to quitting than you want to admit.


TikTok

 There were moments when you almost walked away from everything.
 But something kept you here, something inside you refused to fully surrender.
 That something is what connected you to this moment.
 It is the reason you are hearing this now.
 It is the reason this message found you at this exact time.
 Could a hidden part of your brain be influencing your ability?
 Something of yours is about to take off, and you're gonna need to hush up about it.


TikTok

 You won't you won't even need to really speak because your life is gonna speak for itself.
 going to be a total 360
 I'm hearing.
 And things are going to be so different for you.
 in the best way possible.
 But I'm hearing don't share information too soon.
 Like, if you hear some good news, you take it in, you know, wait till it materializes, materializes in your physical world, and then be like, okay, now I can share this.


TikTok

 Now I can, you know, it could be something to celebrate.
 Because some things are just meant for you in the moment.
 Not everyone has the best intentions, you know?
 And that's not to say that People don't have good intentions.
 It's just



TikTok

You finally did it, and all of heaven celebrated.
 You must not scroll past this moment, because what you are about to receive carries something you have been waiting for, something that could shift your life in ways you did not expect, and if you ignore this, you may miss a breakthrough that was prepared for you long before today.
 You finally did, it means you reached a place in your spirit where you did not give up, where you chose faith over fear, and heaven responded to that decision with celebration, because your endurance unlocked something real.


TikTok

 This is not imagination, this is not coincidence.
 This is the result of every silent battle you fought when nobody saw you struggling.
 You are standing at a moment where your perseverance has activated a response from above, and what follows next will reveal why this moment matters more than you realize.
 Type amen, if you agree.
 You finally did.
 It is not about one single action, it is about the journey you survived, that shaped you into someone stronger than your past.


TikTok

 I saw the nights when you felt weak, and still chose to keep going, even when your strength felt gone.
 I saw the moments when doubt whispered louder than hope, yet you refuse to fully surrender to it.
 And because you did not quit, something in the unseen realm shifted, something that now begins to move toward you in ways you cannot stop.
 Heaven celebrates because you crossed a line many never reach.
 The line where faith becomes real and not just words.


TikTok

 Right now, before you go any further, take a moment and show your support by liking this video, because this helps this word reach someone else who is on the edge of giving up and needs to hear what you are hearing.
 You may not feel like you did anything extraordinary, but I tell you the truth, what you did was rare.
 You stayed when it would have been easier to walk away.
 You believed even when there was no visible proof.
 You chose patience when everything inside you wanted immediate answers.


TikTok

 That is why heaven responded, not because of perfection, but because of persistence.
 The celebration is not for who you were, it is for who you became through the process you endured.
 Type one, one, one, one if you believe.
 What is happening now is not random.
 When heaven celebrates, it means something has been approved, something has been released, something has been unlocked in your life.
 You are stepping into a moment where the struggle you endured begins to turn into something meaningful.


TikTok

 This does not mean everything changes instantly, but it means the direction has shifted in your favor.
 You are no longer fighting from the same place of weakness.
 You are now moving forward with strength that was built in silence.
 There were people who doubted you, situations that tried to break you, and moments that made you question everything.
 But through all of that, you did not fully collapse.
 You bent, you struggled, you felt pain, but you did not completely let go.


TikTok

 That is what heaven honors, not perfection, not flawless faith, but the refusal to completely walk away.
 That is why this moment carries weight, because it is the result of everything you refuse to let destroy you.
 Now, understand this clearly.
 The celebration in heaven is not just symbolic, it represents movement.
 It represents things aligning in ways you cannot see yet.
 It represents doors beginning to open, even if you do not see them immediately.


TikTok

 There is something being prepared for you that matches the version of you that endured.
 Not the old you who was unsure, but the one who stayed despite everything.
 That version of you is now ready to receive something different.
 You may still feel tired.
 You may still carry the weight of what you went through, and that is okay.
 Healing does not erase everything instantly.
 But even in your tiredness, there is a quiet strength inside you now that was not there before.


TikTok

 That strength is what will carry you into what is coming next.
 You are not the same person you were before this process, and that is exactly why Heaven responded the way it did.
 Do not underestimate what it means to endure.
 Many start, but few continue when it becomes difficult.
 Many believe when things are easy, but walk away when the path becomes unclear.
 You did not do that.
 Even when your belief was shaky, you held onto something.


TikTok

 Even when your heart felt heavy, you did not completely let go.
 That is why this moment exists for you now.
 There is something important you must understand as you move forward.
 The celebration is not the end.
 It is the beginning of a new phase.
 A phase where you will start to see glimpses of what your endurance created.
 It may come in small ways at first, subtle shifts, unexpected moments, things that do not seem dramatic, but carry meaning.
 Pay attention to those moments, because they are signs that things are moving.


TikTok

 You are not forgotten.
 You were never overlooked.
 Every moment of pain, every tear, every quiet prayer, it was all seen.
 And now you are entering a space where what was unseen begins to reveal itself in ways you can recognize.
 This is why it was important for you to not give up.
 Because if you had stopped, you would have missed this point entirely.
 The truth is, you came closer to quitting than you want to admit.


TikTok

 There were moments when you almost walked away from everything.
 But something kept you here, something inside you refused to fully surrender.
 That something is what connected you to this moment.
 It is the reason you are hearing this now.
 It is the reason this message found you at this exact time.
 Could a hidden part of your brain be influencing your ability?
 Something of yours is about to take off, and you're gonna need to hush up about it.


TikTok

 You won't you won't even need to really speak because your life is gonna speak for itself.
 going to be a total 360
 I'm hearing.
 And things are going to be so different for you.
 in the best way possible.
 But I'm hearing don't share information too soon.
 Like, if you hear some good news, you take it in, you know, wait till it materializes, materializes in your physical world, and then be like, okay, now I can share this.


TikTok

 Now I can, you know, it could be something to celebrate.
 Because some things are just meant for you in the moment.
 Not everyone has the best intentions, you know?
 And that's not to say that People don't have good intentions.
 It's just, Sometimes that evil I be a little bit too crazy and you won't even be, you won't be aware.
 You know, because you're so excited, you're so excited.
 You're so ready to tell people, oh I have this going on.


TikTok

 And even with close friends, close family, of course, like even then, it's like just wait, let it simmer.
 Let it rest.
 Let it, like, you take in all the energy 1st and then be able to share it and be like, okay, like, now the world can know or, um, like, whether you're posting something or even if it's like, Like, whatever it is, it's like before, just let it simmer.
 Let it, let it, you, you feel the gratitude and appreciation for it before letting even close friends, close family, or posting something, like, I'm keep, I keep getting posting, like you're posting something.


TikTok

 And yeah, not everybody has your best interest.
 So just keep your wins on the hush when they do come in because something is definitely coming in for you and it's going to change a lot of things for you.
 Everything that you've been hoping for, everything that you've been wishing for.
 Um, And you can feel it.
 You feel like something is about to happen.
 You feel like, It's a shift.
 Like you haven't been as worried.
 I'm getting like, it's like, not that you've experienced some miraculous changes in your life.


TikTok

 is just small changes that you're noticing and observing and being like, mm, like the energy feels a little bit different.
 And in the grand scheme of things, you feel a little bit lighter.
 I'm getting like, I feel you feel lighter, but also,
 Knowing something's coming, having, has you a little bit anxious, but it's not like this.
 Or should I say nerves, like not even anxious.
 It's like nerves of like excitement of like, okay, this is coming in.
 But yes, keep it to yourself for now, and then cheer.


TikTok

 Hey, man, I don't know who need to hear this, but you got a lot of people calling you the living proof, bro.
 You're the living proof, sis.
 See, a lot of motherfuckers was overlooking you for so long, bro.
 You feel me?
 They was trying to dim your life.
 Not knowing who you was gonna turn out to be, bro.
 See, you've been operating on a different level, man.
 You get operating on the level that they never even thought was possible, bro.
 You literally own that front line, still shining, man.


TikTok

 I don't know who I'm talking to right now, man.
 I don't know, huh?
 On the other side of this camera right now, bro.
 But they calling you the living food, bro.
 You're the moving poop, sis.
 I'm not even up, bro.
 You're the definition of it, bro.
 You show motherfuckers that it's another way out here, bro.
 That it don't matter how hard it get for you, bro.
 You gonna still get on that front run and still shine, bro.
 You're literally the living



TikTok

You finally did it, and all of heaven celebrated.
 You must not scroll past this moment, because what you are about to receive carries something you have been waiting for, something that could shift your life in ways you did not expect, and if you ignore this, you may miss a breakthrough that was prepared for you long before today.
 You finally did, it means you reached a place in your spirit where you did not give up, where you chose faith over fear, and heaven responded to that decision with celebration, because your endurance unlocked something real.


TikTok

 This is not imagination, this is not coincidence.
 This is the result of every silent battle you fought when nobody saw you struggling.
 You are standing at a moment where your perseverance has activated a response from above, and what follows next will reveal why this moment matters more than you realize.
 Type amen, if you agree.
 You finally did.
 It is not about one single action, it is about the journey you survived, that shaped you into someone stronger than your past.


TikTok

 I saw the nights when you felt weak, and still chose to keep going, even when your strength felt gone.
 I saw the moments when doubt whispered louder than hope, yet you refuse to fully surrender to it.
 And because you did not quit, something in the unseen realm shifted, something that now begins to move toward you in ways you cannot stop.
 Heaven celebrates because you crossed a line many never reach.
 The line where faith becomes real and not just words.


TikTok

 Right now, before you go any further, take a moment and show your support by liking this video, because this helps this word reach someone else who is on the edge of giving up and needs to hear what you are hearing.
 You may not feel like you did anything extraordinary, but I tell you the truth, what you did was rare.
 You stayed when it would have been easier to walk away.
 You believed even when there was no visible proof.
 You chose patience when everything inside you wanted immediate answers.


TikTok

 That is why heaven responded, not because of perfection, but because of persistence.
 The celebration is not for who you were, it is for who you became through the process you endured.
 Type one, one, one, one if you believe.
 What is happening now is not random.
 When heaven celebrates, it means something has been approved, something has been released, something has been unlocked in your life.
 You are stepping into a moment where the struggle you endured begins to turn into something meaningful.


TikTok

 This does not mean everything changes instantly, but it means the direction has shifted in your favor.
 You are no longer fighting from the same place of weakness.
 You are now moving forward with strength that was built in silence.
 There were people who doubted you, situations that tried to break you, and moments that made you question everything.
 But through all of that, you did not fully collapse.
 You bent, you struggled, you felt pain, but you did not completely let go.


TikTok

 That is what heaven honors, not perfection, not flawless faith, but the refusal to completely walk away.
 That is why this moment carries weight, because it is the result of everything you refuse to let destroy you.
 Now, understand this clearly.
 The celebration in heaven is not just symbolic, it represents movement.
 It represents things aligning in ways you cannot see yet.
 It represents doors beginning to open, even if you do not see them immediately.


TikTok

 There is something being prepared for you that matches the version of you that endured.
 Not the old you who was unsure, but the one who stayed despite everything.
 That version of you is now ready to receive something different.
 You may still feel tired.
 You may still carry the weight of what you went through, and that is okay.
 Healing does not erase everything instantly.
 But even in your tiredness, there is a quiet strength inside you now that was not there before.


TikTok

 That strength is what will carry you into what is coming next.
 You are not the same person you were before this process, and that is exactly why Heaven responded the way it did.
 Do not underestimate what it means to endure.
 Many start, but few continue when it becomes difficult.
 Many believe when things are easy, but walk away when the path becomes unclear.
 You did not do that.
 Even when your belief was shaky, you held onto something.


TikTok

 Even when your heart felt heavy, you did not completely let go.
 That is why this moment exists for you now.
 There is something important you must understand as you move forward.
 The celebration is not the end.
 It is the beginning of a new phase.
 A phase where you will start to see glimpses of what your endurance created.
 It may come in small ways at first, subtle shifts, unexpected moments, things that do not seem dramatic, but carry meaning.
 Pay attention to those moments, because they are signs that things are moving.


TikTok

 You are not forgotten.
 You were never overlooked.
 Every moment of pain, every tear, every quiet prayer, it was all seen.
 And now you are entering a space where what was unseen begins to reveal itself in ways you can recognize.
 This is why it was important for you to not give up.
 Because if you had stopped, you would have missed this point entirely.
 The truth is, you came closer to quitting than you want to admit.


TikTok

 There were moments when you almost walked away from everything.
 But something kept you here, something inside you refused to fully surrender.
 That something is what connected you to this moment.
 It is the reason you are hearing this now.
 It is the reason this message found you at this exact time.
 Could a hidden part of your brain be influencing your ability?
 Something of yours is about to take off, and you're gonna need to hush up about it.


TikTok

 You won't you won't even need to really speak because your life is gonna speak for itself.
 going to be a total 360
 I'm hearing.
 And things are going to be so different for you.
 in the best way possible.
 But I'm hearing don't share information too soon.
 Like, if you hear some good news, you take it in, you know, wait till it materializes, materializes in your physical world, and then be like, okay, now I can share this.


TikTok

 Now I can, you know, it could be something to celebrate.
 Because some things are just meant for you in the moment.
 Not everyone has the best intentions, you know?
 And that's not to say that People don't have good intentions.
 It's just, Sometimes that evil I be a little bit too crazy and you won't even be, you won't be aware.
 You know, because you're so excited, you're so excited.
 You're so ready to tell people, oh I have this going on.


TikTok

 And even with close friends, close family, of course, like even then, it's like just wait, let it simmer.
 Let it rest.
 Let it, like, you take in all the energy 1st and then be able to share it and be like, okay, like, now the world can know or, um, like, whether you're posting something or even if it's like, Like, whatever it is, it's like before, just let it simmer.
 Let it, let it, you, you feel the gratitude and appreciation for it before letting even close friends, close family, or posting something, like, I'm keep, I keep getting posting, like you're posting something.


TikTok

 And yeah, not everybody has your best interest.
 So just keep your wins on the hush when they do come in because something is definitely coming in for you and it's going to change a lot of things for you.
 Everything that you've been hoping for, everything that you've been wishing for.
 Um, And you can feel it.
 You feel like something is about to happen.
 You feel like, It's a shift.
 Like you haven't been as worried.
 I'm getting like, it's like, not that you've experienced some miraculous changes in your life.


TikTok

 is just small changes that you're noticing and observing and being like, mm, like the energy feels a little bit different.
 And in the grand scheme of things, you feel a little bit lighter.
 I'm getting like, I feel you feel lighter, but also,
 Knowing something's coming, having, has you a little bit anxious, but it's not like this.
 Or should I say nerves, like not even anxious.
 It's like nerves of like excitement of like, okay, this is coming in.
 But yes, keep it to yourself for now, and then cheer.


TikTok

 Hey, man, I don't know who need to hear this, but you got a lot of people calling you the living proof, bro.
 You're the living proof, sis.
 See, a lot of motherfuckers was overlooking you for so long, bro.
 You feel me?
 They was trying to dim your life.
 Not knowing who you was gonna turn out to be, bro.
 See, you've been operating on a different level, man.
 You get operating on the level that they never even thought was possible, bro.
 You literally own that front line, still shining, man.


TikTok

 I don't know who I'm talking to right now, man.
 I don't know, huh?
 On the other side of this camera right now, bro.
 But they calling you the living food, bro.
 You're the moving poop, sis.
 I'm not even up, bro.
 You're the definition of it, bro.
 You show motherfuckers that it's another way out here, bro.
 That it don't matter how hard it get for you, bro.
 You gonna still get on that front run and still shine, bro.
 You're literally the living proof of this shit, man.
 You literally inspired so many people, man.
 So you really gotta keep shining, stand on finish, and don't let shit stop you, man, for real.


TikTok

 Holy shit, collective.
 Whoever resonates with this.
 Somebody painted you to be a fucking monster.
 Like, they literally painted this picture and portrayed this image of you.
 that had, and I speak in past tense, had individuals judging you harshly to the point that they wanted to gather in a group and come after you, but guess what?


TikTok

 Guess what happened recently?
 Guess what just happened tonight?
 The lies of the enemy has been exposed.
 And I need to say that because, like I said, someone has painted you to be a monster that you are not.
 See, someone has been fabricating the truths about you.
 Somebody has painted this... fake image of you.


TikTok

 that has turned individuals against you, but now, after these individuals did their own due diligence on you.
 They have researched exactly you.
 And see through their research gathering.
 They discovered some very, very important parts that this individual that painted you to be the monster left out, like these details that these individuals just discovered.


TikTok

 literally shared a light on your true character, which is gen



TikTok

You finally did it, and all of heaven celebrated.
 You must not scroll past this moment, because what you are about to receive carries something you have been waiting for, something that could shift your life in ways you did not expect, and if you ignore this, you may miss a breakthrough that was prepared for you long before today.
 You finally did, it means you reached a place in your spirit where you did not give up, where you chose faith over fear, and heaven responded to that decision with celebration, because your endurance unlocked something real.


TikTok

 This is not imagination, this is not coincidence.
 This is the result of every silent battle you fought when nobody saw you struggling.
 You are standing at a moment where your perseverance has activated a response from above, and what follows next will reveal why this moment matters more than you realize.
 Type amen, if you agree.
 You finally did.
 It is not about one single action, it is about the journey you survived, that shaped you into someone stronger than your past.


TikTok

 I saw the nights when you felt weak, and still chose to keep going, even when your strength felt gone.
 I saw the moments when doubt whispered louder than hope, yet you refuse to fully surrender to it.
 And because you did not quit, something in the unseen realm shifted, something that now begins to move toward you in ways you cannot stop.
 Heaven celebrates because you crossed a line many never reach.
 The line where faith becomes real and not just words.


TikTok

 Right now, before you go any further, take a moment and show your support by liking this video, because this helps this word reach someone else who is on the edge of giving up and needs to hear what you are hearing.
 You may not feel like you did anything extraordinary, but I tell you the truth, what you did was rare.
 You stayed when it would have been easier to walk away.
 You believed even when there was no visible proof.
 You chose patience when everything inside you wanted immediate answers.


TikTok

 That is why heaven responded, not because of perfection, but because of persistence.
 The celebration is not for who you were, it is for who you became through the process you endured.
 Type one, one, one, one if you believe.
 What is happening now is not random.
 When heaven celebrates, it means something has been approved, something has been released, something has been unlocked in your life.
 You are stepping into a moment where the struggle you endured begins to turn into something meaningful.


TikTok

 This does not mean everything changes instantly, but it means the direction has shifted in your favor.
 You are no longer fighting from the same place of weakness.
 You are now moving forward with strength that was built in silence.
 There were people who doubted you, situations that tried to break you, and moments that made you question everything.
 But through all of that, you did not fully collapse.
 You bent, you struggled, you felt pain, but you did not completely let go.


TikTok

 That is what heaven honors, not perfection, not flawless faith, but the refusal to completely walk away.
 That is why this moment carries weight, because it is the result of everything you refuse to let destroy you.
 Now, understand this clearly.
 The celebration in heaven is not just symbolic, it represents movement.
 It represents things aligning in ways you cannot see yet.
 It represents doors beginning to open, even if you do not see them immediately.


TikTok

 There is something being prepared for you that matches the version of you that endured.
 Not the old you who was unsure, but the one who stayed despite everything.
 That version of you is now ready to receive something different.
 You may still feel tired.
 You may still carry the weight of what you went through, and that is okay.
 Healing does not erase everything instantly.
 But even in your tiredness, there is a quiet strength inside you now that was not there before.


TikTok

 That strength is what will carry you into what is coming next.
 You are not the same person you were before this process, and that is exactly why Heaven responded the way it did.
 Do not underestimate what it means to endure.
 Many start, but few continue when it becomes difficult.
 Many believe when things are easy, but walk away when the path becomes unclear.
 You did not do that.
 Even when your belief was shaky, you held onto something.


TikTok

 Even when your heart felt heavy, you did not completely let go.
 That is why this moment exists for you now.
 There is something important you must understand as you move forward.
 The celebration is not the end.
 It is the beginning of a new phase.
 A phase where you will start to see glimpses of what your endurance created.
 It may come in small ways at first, subtle shifts, unexpected moments, things that do not seem dramatic, but carry meaning.
 Pay attention to those moments, because they are signs that things are moving.


TikTok

 You are not forgotten.
 You were never overlooked.
 Every moment of pain, every tear, every quiet prayer, it was all seen.
 And now you are entering a space where what was unseen begins to reveal itself in ways you can recognize.
 This is why it was important for you to not give up.
 Because if you had stopped, you would have missed this point entirely.
 The truth is, you came closer to quitting than you want to admit.


TikTok

 There were moments when you almost walked away from everything.
 But something kept you here, something inside you refused to fully surrender.
 That something is what connected you to this moment.
 It is the reason you are hearing this now.
 It is the reason this message found you at this exact time.
 Could a hidden part of your brain be influencing your ability?
 Something of yours is about to take off, and you're gonna need to hush up about it.


TikTok

 You won't you won't even need to really speak because your life is gonna speak for itself.
 going to be a total 360
 I'm hearing.
 And things are going to be so different for you.
 in the best way possible.
 But I'm hearing don't share information too soon.
 Like, if you hear some good news, you take it in, you know, wait till it materializes, materializes in your physical world, and then be like, okay, now I can share this.


TikTok

 Now I can, you know, it could be something to celebrate.
 Because some things are just meant for you in the moment.
 Not everyone has the best intentions, you know?
 And that's not to say that People don't have good intentions.
 It's just, Sometimes that evil I be a little bit too crazy and you won't even be, you won't be aware.
 You know, because you're so excited, you're so excited.
 You're so ready to tell people, oh I have this going on.


TikTok

 And even with close friends, close family, of course, like even then, it's like just wait, let it simmer.
 Let it rest.
 Let it, like, you take in all the energy 1st and then be able to share it and be like, okay, like, now the world can know or, um, like, whether you're posting something or even if it's like, Like, whatever it is, it's like before, just let it simmer.
 Let it, let it, you, you feel the gratitude and appreciation for it before letting even close friends, close family, or posting something, like, I'm keep, I keep getting posting, like you're posting something.


TikTok

 And yeah, not everybody has your best interest.
 So just keep your wins on the hush when they do come in because something is definitely coming in for you and it's going to change a lot of things for you.
 Everything that you've been hoping for, everything that you've been wishing for.
 Um, And you can feel it.
 You feel like something is about to happen.
 You feel like, It's a shift.
 Like you haven't been as worried.
 I'm getting like, it's like, not that you've experienced some miraculous changes in your life.


TikTok

 is just small changes that you're noticing and observing and being like, mm, like the energy feels a little bit different.
 And in the grand scheme of things, you feel a little bit lighter.
 I'm getting like, I feel you feel lighter, but also,
 Knowing something's coming, having, has you a little bit anxious, but it's not like this.
 Or should I say nerves, like not even anxious.
 It's like nerves of like excitement of like, okay, this is coming in.
 But yes, keep it to yourself for now, and then cheer.


TikTok

 Hey, man, I don't know who need to hear this, but you got a lot of people calling you the living proof, bro.
 You're the living proof, sis.
 See, a lot of motherfuckers was overlooking you for so long, bro.
 You feel me?
 They was trying to dim your life.
 Not knowing who you was gonna turn out to be, bro.
 See, you've been operating on a different level, man.
 You get operating on the level that they never even thought was possible, bro.
 You literally own that front line, still shining, man.


TikTok

 I don't know who I'm talking to right now, man.
 I don't know, huh?
 On the other side of this camera right now, bro.
 But they calling you the living food, bro.
 You're the moving poop, sis.
 I'm not even up, bro.
 You're the definition of it, bro.
 You show motherfuckers that it's another way out here, bro.
 That it don't matter how hard it get for you, bro.
 You gonna still get on that front run and still shine, bro.
 You're literally the living proof of this shit, man.
 You literally inspired so many people, man.
 So you really gotta keep shining, stand on finish, and don't let shit stop you, man, for real.


TikTok

 Holy shit, collective.
 Whoever resonates with this.
 Somebody painted you to be a fucking monster.
 Like, they literally painted this picture and portrayed this image of you.
 that had, and I speak in past tense, had individuals judging you harshly to the point that they wanted to gather in a group and come after you, but guess what?


TikTok

 Guess what happened recently?
 Guess what just happened tonight?
 The lies of the enemy has been exposed.
 And I need to say that because, like I said, someone has painted you to be a monster that you are not.
 See, someone has been fabricating the truths about you.
 Somebody has painted this... fake image of you.


TikTok

 that has turned individuals against you, but now, after these individuals did their own due diligence on you.
 They have researched exactly you.
 And see through their research gathering.
 They discovered some very, very important parts that this individual that painted you to be the monster left out, like these details that these individuals just discovered.


TikTok

 literally shared a light on your true character, which is gen



TikTok

Stick to it.
 Like, know what your truth is and fight it till the end.
 And financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this as well.
 656 financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this.
 Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this.
 Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this.
 You've been waiting for this financial opportunity for a long time.
 For a long time, and this is the union of the 5D and the 3D for you.
 Huh?
 But you gotta stick to it.
 You gotta see things differently.
 You gotta see things differently and you gotta do things differently.
 If you don't know how to do it, you book a private reading.
 Bef 45 minutes session, we'll pop, we'll chat.


TikTok

 And I'm telling you, there's a lot that's coming and there's a lot that's coming



TikTok Stick to it. Like, know what your signature is and fight it till the end. And financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this as well. 656 financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this. Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this. Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this. You've been waiting for this financial opportunity for a long time. For a long time, and this is the union of the 5D and the 3D for you. Huh? But you gotta stick to it. You gotta see things differently. You gotta see things differently and you gotta do things differently. If you don't know how to do it, you book a private reading. Bef 45 minutes session, we'll pop, we'll chat. TikTok And I'm telling you, there's a lot that's coming and there's a lot that's coming really soon. This is a divine gift. This is a divine gift. Don't dwell too much on this little grief that you might be going to, or that your body might be feeling. Your mind is not feeling it. The thing. Your mind is fine. To your body that's feeling it. Don't do out too much on it. Okay, give it love, give it grace, but don't do that much on it because there is something that is rushing towards you. Look at the 8 of ones and look at the dove. This is a divine intervention. a positive divine intervention that is coming in your life to be able to be given to you, to be able to bless you. TikTok The blindfold is off, the blindfold is off surrender, and move forward because things are gonna be moving extremely, extremely, extremely, extremely, extremely fast. There's no more there's no more piano piano, right? There's no more of that. And from the other deck, 3 of worms, adventure await, travel away. So maybe you guys are gonna be traveling as well. Traveling very soon to something that is going to shift your perspective on lives and that is really going to shift your life. Period. So have a safe flight, everybody. TikTok You know, if you are going, And I'll see you guys in the next video. All the links are in my bio, elevate dashersolvestcorsplace.com. And there's who's quoting the patron that you guys need to be getting, if you're related to this. And do the homework, do the work. Yeah. Chosen, I love you. There is someone here that you might have been, um, talking to. You might have been praying for them. TikTok Okay? And you might have even told them about your situation, right? Being a chosen one, feeling attacked, and targeted by collective with demonic spirits. Okay, now, they, it's almost like they have gone and done their own research about chosen collective and the followers of Jesus Christ and how the demonic kingdom turns and attacks them. Okay, because for this person, they have never heard of this. TikTok They probably
TikTok Stick to it. Like, know what your signature is and fight it till the end. And financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this as well. 656 financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this. Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this. Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this. You've been waiting for this financial opportunity for a long time. For a long time, and this is the union of the 5D and the 3D for you. Huh? But you gotta stick to it. You gotta see things differently. You gotta see things differently and you gotta do things differently. If you don't know how to do it, you book a private reading. Bef 45 minutes session, we'll pop, we'll chat. TikTok And I'm telling you, there's a lot that's coming and there's a lot that's coming really soon. This is a divine gift. This is a divine gift. Don't dwell too much on this little grief that you might be going to, or that your body might be feeling. Your mind is not feeling it. The thing. Your mind is fine. To your body that's feeling it. Don't do out too much on it. Okay, give it love, give it grace, but don't do that much on it because there is something that is rushing towards you. Look at the 8 of ones and look at the dove. This is a divine intervention. a positive divine intervention that is coming in your life to be able to be given to you, to be able to bless you. TikTok The blindfold is off, the blindfold is off surrender, and move forward because things are gonna be moving extremely, extremely, extremely, extremely, extremely fast. There's no more there's no more piano piano, right? There's no more of that. And from the other deck, 3 of worms, adventure await, travel away. So maybe you guys are gonna be traveling as well. Traveling very soon to something that is going to shift your perspective on lives and that is really going to shift your life. Period. So have a safe flight, everybody. TikTok You know, if you are going, And I'll see you guys in the next video. All the links are in my bio, elevate dashersolvestcorsplace.com. And there's who's quoting the patron that you guys need to be getting, if you're related to this. And do the homework, do the work. Yeah. Chosen, I love you. There is someone here that you might have been, um, talking to. You might have been praying for them. TikTok Okay? And you might have even told them about your situation, right? Being a chosen one, feeling attacked, and targeted by collective with demonic spirits. Okay, now, they, it's almost like they have gone and done their own research about chosen collective and the followers of Jesus Christ and how the demonic kingdom turns and attacks them. Okay, because for this person, they have never heard of this. TikTok They probably do know Jesus Christ. They know him, they know his story, but they don't know when you actually hold the Holy Spirit in your vessel, in your body, and you have the Holy Spirit with you. You are targeted and attacked for no reason, okay? Like, going to literally grocery stores, you'll have mean collective just look at you, roll their eyes, and you're like, well, what? TikTok Like, what did I do? You could be going to the gym and collective just give you like up and down with their eyes and not like you for no reason. Now I want to talk to you
TikTok Stick to it. Like, know what your signature is and fight it till the end. And financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this as well. 656 financial opportunities are gonna be coming from this. Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this. Financial opportunities are going to be coming from this. You've been waiting for this financial opportunity for a long time. For a long time, and this is the union of the 5D and the 3D for you. Huh? But you gotta stick to it. You gotta see things differently. You gotta see things differently and you gotta do things differently. If you don't know how to do it, you book a private reading. Bef 45 minutes session, we'll pop, we'll chat. TikTok And I'm telling you, there's a lot that's coming and there's a lot that's coming really soon. This is a divine gift. This is a divine gift. Don't dwell too much on this little grief that you might be going to, or that your body might be feeling. Your mind is not feeling it. The thing. Your mind is fine. To your body that's feeling it. Don't do out too much on it. Okay, give it love, give it grace, but don't do that much on it because there is something that is rushing towards you. Look at the 8 of ones and look at the dove. This is a divine intervention. a positive divine intervention that is coming in your life to be able to be given to you, to be able to bless you. TikTok The blindfold is off, the blindfold is off surrender, and move forward because things are gonna be moving extremely, extremely, extremely, extremely, extremely fast. There's no more there's no more piano piano, right? There's no more of that. And from the other deck, 3 of worms, adventure await, travel away. So maybe you guys are gonna be traveling as well. Traveling very soon to something that is going to shift your perspective on lives and that is really going to shift your life. Period. So have a safe flight, everybody. TikTok You know, if you are going, And I'll see you guys in the next video. All the links are in my bio, elevate dashersolvestcorsplace.com. And there's who's quoting the patron that you guys need to be getting, if you're related to this. And do the homework, do the work. Yeah. Chosen, I love you. There is someone here that you might have been, um, talking to. You might have been praying for them. TikTok Okay? And you might have even told them about your situation, right? Being a chosen one, feeling attacked, and targeted by collective with demonic spirits. Okay, now, they, it's almost like they have gone and done their own research about chosen collective and the followers of Jesus Christ and how the demonic kingdom turns and attacks them. Okay, because for this person, they have never heard of this. TikTok They probably do know Jesus Christ. They know him, they know his story, but they don't know when you actually hold the Holy Spirit in your vessel, in your body, and you have the Holy Spirit with you. You are targeted and attacked for no reason, okay? Like, going to literally grocery stores, you'll have mean collective just look at you, roll their eyes, and you're like, well, what? TikTok Like, what did I do? You could be going to the gym and collective just give you like up and down with their eyes and not like you for no reason. Now I want to talk to you, and you probably even smile at them. You are probably praying for these collective because you don't understand. That they have demonic attachment, and that is who's trying to hurt you, not the collective Okay? It's the people's possessed demons, okay? TikTok They're being possessed by demons. And without the Holy Spirit, you will see, you will see how these people's fruits, right? They come out as very negative, judgmental, envious, greedy, like, I could go on you guys, but you know what I mean. Right? The discernment in you is showing showing you exactly who these collective are and why you need to pray for them. And so the Lord is saying right now that you have been doing so great. TikTok You have been keeping your faith and not taking these things personally. That's the key here is that they don't actually hate you. There's void wrong with you, chosen. Okay. It's they hate the light within you. Because they don't have it, because they are tormented on the inside, so they want to make other collective tormented too. And it hurts. I know it hurts, but you keep praying to the Lord, okay? TikTok I love you so much, Rosen. Collective. Okay. Destroy them. You're the chosen for that. You know exactly who you are and you know exactly what you bring to the table, okay? You are someone who may gateep your personality until the right collective come around like I'm getting a lot of collective don't know the real you and don't see, you know, the things that you enjoy, the hobbies that you love or like maybe I'm getting music style like you would really shock some collective
TikTok

Okay, love yourself because you're a prophet of the most high God.
 And you worked hard for this lifetime



TikTok

Okay, love yourself because you're a prophet of the most high God.
 And you worked hard for this lifetime.
 Okay?
 You worked hard to be put in this position that you are.
 This is your destiny.
 This is your destiny, and that's something they're not going to take away from you.
 Okay?
 I don't care about the slander, the narratives, all the attacks.
 They failed.
 They failed, okay?
 And they're always gonna fail.
 This is a bait from the most I God.


TikTok

 God will send in an earth angel and people take the bait.
 A lot of people took the bait in this kingpin ring.
 And now they're all going to be going down, okay?
 Going down the correct carbic path that they've earned.
 Well, you stand in your prophecy, okay?
 Tell me about the real profit.
 Tell me, connect me to the real profit energy.


TikTok

 What does the prophet need to know right now?
 Okay, these people are going through heavy ups and downs, okay? They their money is all the way fucked up.
 Okay?
 So that's one thing God did to, um, basically prove that somebody's a prophet of the most I got out here is he started to fuck with people's money because that's what they were using as resources to take down this earth angel, this real prophet.


TikTok

 Okay.
 High priestess in reverse to the night of cups, to the 2 of wands.
 Okay?
 These people were trying to send in people to skate past somebody's intuition, okay?
 So they could get this plan for trafficking.
 Okay, they paid a lot of money to put um cloaking spells on somebody who has a prophetic gift, okay




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-19 16:22
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Because it was only 2 genders.
 Boy, and girl.
 Why the fuck is it something in the middle?
 Why the fuck is there something in the middle there?
 What the fuck is that?
 How the fuck did they get there?
 Who put them in charge here?
 Fuck.
 No funny shit.
 I was only 2 genders.
 What's all these other classifications?
 It's boy and girl.
 He or she, what the fuck is day?
 What the fuck is hers and hymns?
 What the fuck is all this extra shit?
 When the fuck did that come about?
 Because if that was something that you want, people be coming out born like that, but I don't see people born like that.


TikTok

 Or maybe we just don't hear about it because why are we not hearing about that shit?
 Because is it normal?
 Is it natural?
 Is it real?
 No funny shit.
 I'm laughing, but I'm dead ass serious.
 Because what the fuck is that?
 Why is it a whole nother agenda out here that's being created?
 They being pushed and marketed to the kids.
 See, you know, it's crazy if a white person go online saying the same shit I'm saying, that's just gonna go viral.
 But just because it's a black intelligent person saying that... Did he die?


TikTok

 Because we're not supposed to be at, be at, telling you.
 We were supposed to be dumb because we went to their schools and they know they purposely, intentionally, deliberately did, teach other shit just so we can't be dumb.
 Mm, see, they don't like when you take action to learn and sit down, you actually have the discipline and focus to actually sit there and learn.
 A lot of you niggas don't, y'all ain't got the time blowing because y'all say it take too long.
 It too hard.
 want some easy shit.
 So they gave you out an easy path to keep you out distracted while they winning in the background.
 Why they winning?
 Why are they controlling us?
 Why they planting surveillance everywhere?


TikTok

 They set up their cameras.
 they got their army, the government.
 What the fuck was we building?
 The whole time they was doing all this shit.
 What the fuck was we doing, nigga?
 We lining the bishops, we lining the roops get destroyed around this motherfucker.
 Oh my god.
 Things are finna change for you.
 Usually when things change, you don't be the prettiest.
 You know, it don't be the previous transformation.
 It don't always look like we want to look like.
 But things are gonna change for you.
 If things haven't changed already.
 Things have changed for you, and I'm talking to you, you already know.


TikTok

 what's going on.
 You already know to get ready, you already know to get prepared.
 See, the thing is you've been working hard.
 You've been working your ass off.
 And I don't mean you got to blust, sweat, tears, everything in your life, but even on days we don't feel good, you show up, you still do what you need to do.
 You're short for other people.
 You still do what you need to do.
 You still stay consistent, you still stay close to God more than anything.
 Oh, yeah, shit like that reaps benefits.
 It reach rewards all the time.
 You know?
 And I know shit might be a little hazy or foggy.


TikTok

 Just slow down.
 When things look like that, bro, just slow down.
 It's never, it's not always a sign to keep pushing, keep pushing.
 don't know when to keep pushing.
 But for now, just slow down.
 relax.
 Take in everything, live life.
 Because the way time slowed down now, you might not even be able to get that shit back.
 We usually talk about how fast everything be moving.
 Let's talk about how slow everything be moving.
 Because when things are slow, we tend to anticipate things naturally, just as humans, because we're used to being on our schedules.


TikTok

 So when shit slow down, we start to panic and do all this, X, Y, Z, and just go back to your ABCs, bro.
 It'll be okay.
 Can't nobody do anything to fuck with you or harm you? Because you are protected, you are an auntie, if you came here on Earth, you are protected, you are anointed, you come with a purpose.
 And you don't leave till you get that purpose fulfilled, you know what I'm saying?
 You ain't trapped here, though, nothing like that, but you, you, you were strong enough to be here.
 That why you're here.
 And that's why you're hearing me.
 I'm not no guru.
 I'm not telling you what to do.


TikTok

 And I'll say this every time.
 I'm not nobody grew.
 I ain't nobody messenger.
 I ain't nobody chilling, Chandler, or no shit like that.
 I'm just reminded.
 I'm figuring this shit out day by day, just like y'all.
 And so, as you go out into the world, every day, you do what you need to do.
 Hold your head on, bro.
 Smile.
 Pray.
 Say thank you.
 Please say thank you.
 Say thank you.


TikTok

 Because the shit ain't changed for you.
 She just finna change right now.
 This energy is giving uh oh.
 Uh oh, not for you, but uh oh, for someone who's watching you, realizing, They'd done messed up.
 Realizing where they thought they were fooling you, they're realizing that you played dumb for a lot longer than they may have realized.


TikTok

 And as a whole victory.
 The higher fence reversed because the higher fence higher knowledge.
 In reverse, it's hidden higher knowledge.
 It still was given to you.
 You still used it appropriately, but you hit it.
 You played dumb.
 You played dumb in a way that the divine wanted you to.
 Because you were connected to the divine the entire time in this endeavor.
 10 of pentacles in reverse, and 5 of swords, there's the battle.


TikTok

 You were connected to the divine, but what was going on behind the scenes there?
 There was this attempt to get you into a battle that dismantled everything you had built.
 But once again, your protection was right around the corner.
 Someone is realizing that... Or an easy hit on paper chosen one.
 You wasn't supposed to take down the whole organization.
 This is a quick message.
 From the universe.
 Chosen one.


TikTok

 There are a lot of goons.
 There's a lot of motherfuckers out here chosen one.
 Excuse my language.
 But there's a lot of people out here chosen, who feel like they got the short end of the stick when it came when it came to dealing with you, chosen one.
 It's a lot of people out here who feel like they got the short end of the stick.
 When it came to dealing with you.


TikTok

 And the reason is chosen because On paper, you were supposed to be an easy hit.
 Now, I don't know where your main attacker got their intel.
 But wherever they got their intel from about your chosen one, It must have been from people.


TikTok

 Who really don't like you?
 And see, this is the thing, right?
 A lot of times people go out here and they'll get information about somebody, from people that they don't like, that people, from people that don't like the person that's given the information.
 So it'd be a whole lot of,
 Oh yeah, that nigga's a ho.
 Uh, yeah, that girl, she ain't shit.
 Uh, yeah, they, they, he's a bitch.
 The, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 It'd be a whole lot of that chosen one.
 It'd be a whole lot of, you know,
 Things said offer emotions and shit whole time, the nigga or the girl or whoever, the man or the woman used to love you.
 They wanted to be your friend or something like that, right?
 Some weird shit.
 And people are no.
 That at the end of the day, you ain't anything to just walk over and they'll try to dumb you down, chosen one.


TikTok

 They'll try to dumb you down.
 They'll try to make it seem like you the softest person on earth, or you're easily got, or, you know, all this crazy shit, you know, and then, you know, you being a chosen one.
 You've had people attached to you and attached to your name that have become envious of you and they did fuck shit behind your back.
 And the streets or groups of people or know about it.
 And they'll talk about that.
 Yeah, you know, such and such, that's that's that's his cousin.


TikTok

 He he went
 he did this, da da da.
 And that nigga ain't do whole time, you don't know you don't even know about it.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Or if you have an idea, you ain't got nothing to go on.
 Because everybody around your line and da da da.
 And then on top of that chosen one, Imagine if you crash out.
 Imagine if you would have crashed out.
 You wouldn't be in position that you in now.
 So all them times that you turn your head and walked away, it was worth it.


TikTok

 See, there's a difference between when somebody doing something to you and then people doing shit behind your back and sneaking and sneaking. See, you can crash out when the motherfucker bring it to you.
 That's justified.
 But when a motherfucker don't bring that to you, chosen one, and it ain't personally dealing with you personally and whatever, whatever, You'll fuck yourself over by crashing up.
 And there have been times where you did crash out.


TikTok

 But like I said, every time you crashed out, the reason why you still able to move around and do you and you ain't gone and serving 100 years in jail and all this crazy shit is because Chosen One, all your crash outs were over you.
 When it came to a nigga playing with you directly, playing with one of your kids, playing with something, and then, yeah, you did what you had to do.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Sis, you know?
 So, Bro, it's really like,


TikTok

 You crash out when it's supposed to.
 But the thing is, man, you had people attached to your name, who did a lot of flu flam shit, and this kind of messed your reputation up to certain people, uh, who want to purposely watch you and purposely hear shit about you, and, you know, anybody who know bad news about you chosen one is because they seek it.
 They want to they want to hear the bad.
 You feel me?


TikTok

 They don't like you anyway.
 You know, a lot of people don't know nothing about you, nothing about whatever you, you know, things that have happened to your personal life.
 But the niggas that know that shit is because downfolds you anyway.
 Right?
 So, At the end of the day, chosen one, you had a lot of motherfuckers with this.
 Thought process or this outlook on you, like you was an easy hit.
 Because the Intel that your main attacker got, About you was a lot of, he say, she say, when they did research.


TikTok

 See, they didn't go to the motherfuckers that love you because if they would have went to the motherfuckers that love you, people be like, yo, it's people asking about you or it's people that's, da, da, da.
 And then a lot of the intel that your attackers, if you finding yourself in a situation, a lot of intel, see, you don't you don't know.
 But you are connected to your main attacker.
 A lot of times, your main attacker is somebody that knew you as a kid.
 knew your parents and everything and and you never know, you don't know who they is.


TikTok

 They some old, they older than you and everything.
 You don't know the fuck that is.
 But they've been watching you for a minute, chosen.
 You gotta understand, this shit ain't random.
 So, And another way, right?
 Another way they've been, uh, gathering all this Intel loan, you chosen one, you know, they'll go through, if you've been locked up, they'll look up the files up there.
 You know, a lot of y'all have been locked in jail, but y'all ain't got nothing on your jail record.
 It was an easy time for you.
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 It wasn't an easy time, but it was a smooth time for you.
 You feel me?
 So a lot of times they'll be going to look at that type of shit and, you know, thinking that you, uh, uh, soft and all that.
 And so, When it came down to them telling the people who had been doing things or was in charge of doing something to you, carrying out a hint or beating you up or stalking you, whatever.
 It was said, oh, you pussy, you're soft, you're scary.


TikTok

 They're gonna be able to do whatever they want to do to you.
 Yeah, you can walk all over this person.
 But chosen one, I promise you, man.
 A lot of these attackers, bro.
 They feel like they got the short end of the stick.
 See, chosen one.
 When people started attacking you, they didn't think.
 that you were going to be the monster that you that you were, that you showed.
 They thought they was going to get you scared.


TikTok

 They thought it was going to be fear.
 See, your attackers feed off fear.
 The more you scared, the harder they go.
 The less you show, the more they sneak.
 They thought they was going to be able to put it on you, Chosen.
 They thought they was going to get you, but not only are you not scary, but you're smart.
 See, a lot of the Intel said you were stupid.
 Said your decision making skills were not there.
 See, a lot of people underestimated you chosen one, and this is why you've had so many people come to your life thinking that they was going to be able to do you.


TikTok

 Thinking that they was going to be able to get off on you.
 thinking that they could take your girl or take your man whole time, not understanding.
 They need to watch, they need to watch they bitch.
 They need to watch they man around you.
 Because you really the saw us.
 See, chosen one, a lot of shit, man.
 A lot of the intel about you be off, man, because every time people go get information about you, they get it from people who hate you.


TikTok

 Collective, um,
 You are seen as being somebody who is very trustworthy, very valuable, very knowledgeable, very helpful, very kind, very loving, very supportive.
 But you are also seen as a person that has boundaries, that have standards, that has morals, that live on principles, you are also seen as somebody that doesn't tolerate their disrespect.
 You are also seen as somebody who stands up for themselves and will advocate.
 You are also seeing as somebody that's very confident, very brilliant, very self-assured, very know who they are.


TikTok

 You are a personality seeing that that person is on their purpose.
 You are a person that is seeing this person that's not going to give up.
 There's none of nothing can stop this person.
 You aren't seen as a person of very high energy, very positive energy.
 You are seen as a person who operates loyalty.
 You know, you are seen as a lot of things, and a hater is not one.
 I mean, that's a fucking great thing because how many haters do we have?
 Oh my god, you niggas are crazy.
 And the thing is, y'all not even haters.
 Y'all really supporters.
 Because the BAA, I feel like I've, even if you're going to be hated, even though we shouldn't be haters, but since you hate from a distance, but y'all do that, y'all really be up close and person to right next to the nigga be hating.


TikTok

 You be stalking nigga's social media.
 hating.
 But if you hate the person, you just ain't even been there.
 I don't like, if you don't like a person, because I don't like to say the word H-A-T-E, but if you don't like somebody, if you strongly disagree with a presence, you shouldn't watch the presence, you should have been there with their presence.
 But the thing is, the people that hate people so much, I actually like them people, you probably just mad that the person doesn't see you the way they see, the way you see them.
 You may see this person acting extraordinary and they may not see you in that because they not looking at themselves like that because they looking, they look at life through a humble lens.


TikTok

 They see you regular person.
 I'm a regular person, but yeah, this, for instance, is not regular.
 This person is fucking astonishing.
 Did you just see what the fuck they just did?
 That was impressive.
 And they looking at you saying, you can do the same thing.
 And you don't like that because, like, maybe because you know, y'all can't do the same thing. And how do I tell him or her that, bro, you're actually better than me, bro.
 You chosen, bro.
 not gonna lie.
 You can actually help me on my journey.
 And I'm looking for assistance.


TikTok

 But they don't want to say that because then that's actually copping a bottle playing the 5th and saying, I think you're smarter than me and I would like to learn, bro.
 You know, in the past, I have made hated you.
 But maybe that's why I hated you, because, like, you were the one person that I had to learn from, and I thought, just because I was older, I was better.
 I thought because I had to click, I was better.
 I thought because I had money.
 It thought it made me smarter.
 I didn't know you were like this.


TikTok

 Tell me more.
 That's how they be, sneakily, trying to get information.
 Because if you hate me before, how can you love me till now?
 Things have to change.
 This shit just doesn't happen overnight, my guy.
 But I'll be gladly to assist you.
 What do you need help with?
 Oh, everything.
 But what is everything?
 You know, like, you know, everything you did, but it's everything I did.
 Well, you know the stuff.
 What stuff?
 I haven't seen no stuff.


TikTok

 I have no stuff.
 I'm like, yo, what the fuck am I doing here, bro?
 Oh my god.
 Somebody need to take my camera.
 But listen, Jack.
 You always, no, nobody took my camera.
 Please do not.
 No, do not put that out.
 Then, no, do not...
 Do not touch my shit.
 But you've already seen that somebody.
 That is, like, I wonder, bro.
 You, you was like to see.
 That's what I said.
 I really feel like, no, I don't want to say that.
 But it's a possibility, but I would not say that.
 That's just something in the back of my mind, but I will say you are on the back of people's minds because of how amazing you are.


TikTok

 For how especially when talented you are, how loving you are, how could rageous and brave you are, how you don't back down to nothing, how you stand up, because you, because I feel like you're not gonna fall for nothing.
 Because I feel like if you, if you never stand,
 If you never stand up for nothing, you know what I'm saying?
 Oh, you already fat.
 You already down.
 If you never stand up to anything.
 It don't even got to be somebody.
 I don't even got to be to your parents.
 It can be against some laws.
 It can be against some standards, a double standard.
 And it can be against a coach you stand, a society acceptance, that's normal.


TikTok

 Like, it can be standing up to that.
 Because if you understand that, what the fuck, what the fuck are you saying for?
 But I don't like to say that because now as I'm like, it's a side, but there's never a side.
 Because, you know, a sign is, like, an option.
 I mean, I can talk to him, but I can talk to him because, you know, he got to change.
 He be hanging with the dope boys, you know, she like has some dope boys.
 So now she's thinking this aside.
 Because on his side, uh, uh, you know what I'm saying?
 On this side, but, you know, they got, mm, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 That's how she looking at the situation.
 But I really feel like she loses in that situation.
 For thinking, she had options.
 She lost by thinking that we had to choose them.
 She lost by thing is, she was the prize.
 I'm not saying girls aren't prods, but she lost by thinking that she had, she could just show up and we would just choose.
 We would compete for her love.
 That's what she thought.


TikTok

 She wasn't expecting to get left out in the rain all night.
 She wasn't expecting that, because she thought she was the one.
 And the whole time.
 We are the one, as Dingle's.
 Because they want to get married.
 They want the Chanel.
 They want the travel and shit.
 I'm not saying she can't travel on, but who's she going to want to do?
 What, who's you going to try to make pay for it?
 So is he really depressed?
 Evidently, they seeking us out, which means we are the trophy, my fellas.


TikTok

 Mm.
 Or are they the trophy?
 Oh, that's just what they wanted to think.
 Oh, neither of us are the Chovies.
 Uh-huh.
 It's not a thought that goes into that.
 Why am I talking about this?
 If this video is about, like, you being seen as this and that, but, mm.
 Oh, see?
 You're being seen as the trophy.
 You being seen as the prize collector.
 Isn't that ironic how everything just always connects with me?
 It's always insane.


TikTok

 You're the prize.
 You are...
 The trophy, bro.
 So he or she, if whoever watches, they glossed by thinking that they was the prize.
 Like, they was the, they was to be caught.
 They was to be chased.
 Little did they know.
 You would walk right the fuck off, fuck my Jason.
 Stop blaming me.
 Because she thought she was deprized.
 She thought she was the one.
 She thought her looks could get you.
 She thought the titties and ass could get you.


TikTok

 She thought by her playing smart could get you.
 She thought by playing until with the things you like could get you.
 Bitch, I see you mirroring.
 You're just trying to get around a nigga.
 And you ladies don't think niggas don't know when you're trying to get around.
 Dude, I think y'all that clever?
 Yeah, I probably really do.
 And that's probably why y'all be losing in a lot of relationships.
 The city guards are not up.
 At all.
 But I can't say that because Karisha did just make that song. Like, was that into the statement of me?


TikTok

 Like she had she had the boot shot shit up because then she got y'all scamming ass niggas tricking on them.
 So she see now because they trying to change, they trying to win chat.
 Nah, see, we can't let this see, girls, one chat.
 City boys?
 Essing and signal to the universe, you are ready to receive.
 Ready isn't about feeling prepared.
 You will never feel prepared for breakthrough.
 Ready is about saying yes, even when your logical mind screams weight.


TikTok

 It is a prayer itself, and it aligns you with the abundance already flowing toward you, already in motion.
 Already on its way, your Amen doesn't create the blessing.
 Your Amen acknowledges that you see it coming, and you are opening yourself to receive it.
 If this message resonates, and I know it does because you are still here, share this prophetic word with someone else immediately to activate the anointing.
 The anointing doesn't flow in isolation.


TikTok

 It flows through connection, through community, through the bold act of saying, I found something true and I refuse to keep it to myself.
 Then declare your victory to your network, not in pride, not in boasting.
 In testimony, in witnessing what is possible when the universe decides it is your time.
 First, and I mean this, don't exhale deeply.
 Don't release the tension you are feeling in your chest right now.


TikTok

 That tension is energy, that is activation.
 That is your old reality, and your new reality existing in the same space, and your body not quite knowing which one is real yet.
 Hold that.
 Just hold still, because what I am revealing next will astound you.
 It will answer questions you haven't even asked yet.
 It will connect dots you didn't know existed.
 Pay close attention.
 Don't skip.


TikTok

 You are about to learn something vital.
 Something that changes the entire game.
 You have a brief window now, and I mean brief, to decide whether to claim it or release it forever.
 This isn't a threat.
 It is the nature of how energy works, how momentum works, how breakthrough works.
 It requires decision in the moment of opportunity, that undisclosed amount of money is vibrating at this moment.


TikTok

 I know how that sounds, but money is energy, and energy has frequency, and right now that frequency is tuned to you, moving as though it recognizes your truth, your specific vibration.
 Your unique signature in the universe.
 The transfer seems alive, waiting patient, but not infinite.
 Waiting for you to accept it before the opportunity vanishes.
 Before the window closes and that energy finds another channel.


TikTok

 Another person whose readiness matches the moment.
 Stay until the end.
 Most people panic at this point and scroll away.
 They feel the intensity and they run.
 They feel the truth pressing against their chest, and they choose familiar discomfort over unknown transformation.
 But you are different.
 You have already proven you are different by staying this long.
 Most people left in the first 30 seconds, you were selected before you clicked.


TikTok

 before you searched.
 Before you even knew this existed, type yes in the comments right now.
 Not maybe, not later.
 Yes, type it to affirm this is meant for you, to tell the universe you are not running.
 You are not scrolling.
 You are standing in this moment and claiming what is yours.
 Don't skip.
 One more thing, something you need to understand at a cellular level.


TikTok

 You sense it already.
 That feeling in your gut that has been building since you started reading.
 Your name wasn't entered accidentally.
 The strange essay.
 Okay, two things.
 Everything right now is signaling that you actually broke out of the mother effing matrix.
 Like, I'm not, this ain't no joke.
 You did it, baby.
 You did it.
 It's almost like the Matrix lives in your basement or something is what I was getting, but like highlighting this.


TikTok

 If you, you changed, man, you fucking did it.
 You broke.
 It's like you broke out.
 That's the whole like shifting timelines.
 like you guys are literally a different fucking energy.
 And when I see the bottom, when I see the basement, it's like, you fucking rose.
 It's giving Phoenix, it's literally giving Phoenix energy, but there's such a pull to be like, you, like you had to fucking, you had to go down, guys.
 You had to fucking go down, down, down to the depths of your soul, but I'm getting matrix energy, which tells me that you broke out of something.


TikTok

 You broke out of a paradigm, you broke out of a mindset.
 You shifted something in your life and I'm telling you it's about to pay off.
 It's about to pay off.
 I am seeing the horse again, the you're the horse.
 It's back, like I'm feeling this, like, you're about to ride.
 We're in the car.
 She's riding.
 Like, you're about to ride.
 I also want to highlight this.
 Some of you need to get out, and when I say get out, go somewhere new, even if it's in your, like, local area, maybe you're, like, there might be certain limitations of, like, you know, you can't jump on the flight tomorrow.


TikTok

 Maybe you can book it, but if not, go somewhere new, go on a nature hike, like go get out or just get out of your same environment.
 Go 10 minutes down the road.
 go take a drive.
 Go for a walk like there's a lot of like getting out right now so you can receive a whole lot more.
 It's like God wants you in this energy of flow, energy of just like new beginnings, like it's like Mustang, Sally, my baby, like you are ready to roll.


TikTok

 ready to ride.
 You're ready to have some fun in this life.
 Um, I'm also hearing that there's something you will be rewarded for helping other people.
 This is fascinating.
 I think you are like the way that you are operating right now.
 Your frequency alone, you know, maybe you're not on social media.
 Some of you are.
 It's almost like you're being rewarded for getting people out of the matrix or again, kind of you shifting your own energy, this paradigm.


TikTok

 People are gonna see that like people are just seeing you in this new energy and they're like, I want that.
 What is she on?
 What is he on?
 And you're just like, I'm on spirit, baby.
 I'm on source.
 I'm on God, okay?
 But there is this feeling that like you're helping people break free from something and you will be rewarded for that.
 I am telling you, whether you are actively like, you know, coaching, saying this, mentoring, or just doing any type of creator work on here.
 That's amazing.
 That's amazing, like you're, you're definitely winning, but even if you're not and you've just changed your energy and you've just been going with the flow of life and you're like, I broke out and people are freaking seeing that about you and it's like you're not.


TikTok

 I also feel like you're not, like, how do I put this?
 Even if a lot has come up, this mercury retrograde, you're not fighting your own flow.
 And I'm going to highlight this anytime you fight that resistance and you fight your flow, like, and you to move, I need to feel free.
 I need to speak.
 I need to respond.
 I need to get something out, but you're not like fighting people about your beliefs or their beliefs.
 You're just letting them be.
 It's like the, it's like the world.
 How do I put this?
 The world will literally reshape itself around you.


TikTok

 And you're just meant to flow with spirit right now, and you will be,
 I'm so serious, you will be rewarded.
 Are you fucking kidding me?
 222111 twos and ones, you guys, you're in alignment.
 This is new beginnings.
 This is keep going.
 Keep fucking going.
 I also got this yesterday.
 Some of you are manifesting $1000000000
 That is crazy, but I feel that.
 And I'm gonna highlight this.
 It might not happen tomorrow, but I was getting 2027.
 So, some of you 2027, some of you 2028.


TikTok

 No, like, this isn't a joke.
 All right,
 Thats the message.
 You said something so specific that they're wondering if you heard their conversation.
 Ace of wands and judgment in reverse.
 Someone who misjudged you, 2 cups in reverse.
 It's giving an ex's workplace.
 The sun in reverse.
 This is gonna be an oddly specific message.


TikTok

 If this is for you, you're aware to some degree that there's a general group related to someone that you fell out of contact with, that's keeping tabs on you, to see if the story that they were told by the other party holds up or not.
 It's giving someone chose to be loud and wrong.
 Six of swords.


TikTok

 And you're trending in the opposite direction of where if the story was true, you would be.
 Yo, yo, yo, it's your boy, Tony, two times coming back at you.
 I got blue in the background.
 Blue is a little upset about the fact that his check wasn't what he thought was gonna be, but I explained it to him.
 I broke it all down, and now I think he really understands that he was getting a better deal when he wasn't getting the check.
 So, because he was getting free air and, you know, he didn't have to pay for all of these, uh, uh, upgrades that we was doing for people and all these incentives that we was doing.


TikTok

 So now Blue wants to go back to just advertising here on the street and getting his free air.
 So, Blue told me to let everybody know he apologized for the way he was acting, and we good now.
 Hey, he wants to make sure these guys also tune in tomorrow because I'm doing it live at one p.m. Pacific time.
 Tune in, and I'll be answering any questions that you might have about how the process works, about how our 599 works, about how reposts work, about how negative equity works, anything that you can think of, let me know in the live tomorrow, write it down today.


TikTok

 I'm gonna do a, I'll pop on again tomorrow from my house and I'll, I'll remind you guys that I'll be going live again.
 That way, you can jump on and answer, ask any questions and get answers for every question that you might have.
 Okay?
 So don't forget, one p.m. tomorrow we're doing the live.
 Blue won't be there because Blue don't have a car.
 Blue don't have a car, and, uh, Blue have a license?
 And, uh... Quite frankly, Blue, with being a loop, Blue.


TikTok

 So, with that being said, start us auto sales, break record breaking week this week.
 Let's do it again next week.
 so we can clean out the rest of the month and finish with a bang, start us out of sales.
 Tony 2 times your 2nd chance, finance, 2nd chance, buying, experience, guru.
 That's me.
 If you know anybody that needs a car, send them down to see me.
 If you need a car and you buy a car, I'm going to pay you a referral fee of $400.


TikTok

 Come see your boy, let's make it happen.
 Let's get this money.
 Let's get you rolling.
 Let's get off the bus stop.
 Let's get out this heat.
 All right, let's go.
 Peace.
 Oh, beautiful.
 Spread nothing where we go For my everyday people with a proof.
 Take a good looking mirror.
 Hold your head on today.


TikTok

 For another good in the world that you do.
 Oh, beautiful.
 Keep standing up the truth.
 Don't you know other proof?
 You're the only proof.
 Whoa.
 Oh, yeah.


TikTok

 I ain't trying to do too much complaining, but it's just like I said, all the goals that I set for myself, everything I set out to do for myself, got pushed on the back end.
 And then I got all these obstacles.
 I was never worried about no obstacles.
 Only thing I was worried about was completing my goals and my task to hand.
 And it just seemed like I could never do that.
 So I dropped this shit.
 I'm not about to sit here and run myself ragged for some shit that I can't even take with me when I die.


TikTok

 That don't make sense.
 Everybody want me to comply and compell to what they want me to do, but nobody really actually add is the man happy?
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, don't nobody really give a fuck, man.
 And like I said, man, I said goals for myself and I watched people who never even thought to think to be this good in life.
 Take my idea.
 And make it seem like he was theirs.
 Why would I keep sitting here putting myself on a chopping box like that?


TikTok

 Why would I keep selling myself like that?
 Man, also, real shit, that's a fellowship shit to y'all, man.
 Motherfucker told me to nine, a nigga, or nine, the nigga.
 They told me, take a nigga shit.
 I took it, nigga shit. They told me to take it.
 They told me to do a bunch of shit and I did that shit.
 I got nothing off that situation.
 I lost more than I came.
 And nobody see that.
 Nobody looking at, oh, you know they just took that car from him with every piece of paperwork in it.


TikTok

 See, that y'all ain't helped this man get, he got, and y'all just took it from him.
 Not to have sent this man to jail behind the shit that y'all told him to do.
 Why would I make that same mistake again, bro?
 That's just fucking stupid, man.
 That's just stupid to see here and know.
 Oh, you do that again, you definitely ain't gonna hide nothing.
 Why would I do that?
 A lot of people talking, he lazy.
 A lot of people, it no matter what these people say about me because I'm just gonna be me regardless.


TikTok

 I just repeat what these people saying so you can get a good idea as to why I'm not moving the way you want me to move.
 Like, people waited till I was getting somewhere to get on this board.
 to get on this boat.
 Motherfucker waited till I made something on myself to get me talking about.
 Yeah, let's go over there and help him now.
 I don't need your help, man.
 Any help I ever had tore down anything I had going on, any help I ever got from somebody that came in and stole ideas.


TikTok

 They tried to destiny swap.
 They tried to betray something that they not.
 Like, I'm straight on that, man.
 I don't get it in this lifetime.
 I have a next lifetime.
 I don't give a fuck.
 How you tell me I'm chosen and I'm out here lacking like this?
 That don't make sense.
 People running around here till my day, Charles, and they one on one, because they got a fucking 360 deal.
 It's crazy work, bro.
 It's crazy work.
 Motherfuckers able to shit on me with the shit that I done gave them.
 That's crazy work, bro.


TikTok

 You motherfucker can shit on me with the shit that I done gave him.
 I don't care if it was just words or knowledge or a way of thinking.
 I gave that to you.
 without me, you wouldn't have it.
 And you tried to burn shit on me from the sky with that shit.
 I'm straight on people, man.
 Like, come on now, man.
 Every other day, supposed to be my day.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-19 22:10
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

ground, it's already covered, which tends to give it a slightly different flavor than usual, less about brand new




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-19 22:12
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

ground, it's already covered, which tends to give it a slightly different flavor than usual, less about brand new dreams arriving, more about an old one getting a second clearer look.
 If a longing you'd almost given up on resurfaces this week, it's worth taking seriously instead of dismissing.
 You're such a baddie.
 Literally page...
 Okay, here's the thing.
 You're a genius, except you don't know you're a genius, so you think you're stupid.
 You're a fucking genius.


TikTok

 Your energy's so whimsical.
 I keep hearing the word whimsical.
 Something feels very whimsical, something feels very, even page of cup, page of cups never grew up.
 He keeps seeing the magic and everything.
 You know, it's like where someone would see like an unfortunate situation.
 He sees this kind of like, it's like, he's always in a state of wonder.
 And this is you.
 You have such a strong inner child, like vivid, childlike energy, not in a like childish way, though, because you're so mature.
 Even with the 4 of, oh, and the 5 of cups.
 like, I'm hearing your grave, your grave.


TikTok

 Oh my gosh, not your grave.
 Oh, my God, there's something.
 You're grief.
 has made you grow up way too quickly.
 Like, there's energy, like, you grew up
 you an old soul.
 You've always been mature for your age.
 You've always been the bigger person in the family, even like the 3 pedacles, the way you communicate.
 You could have those tendencies for people pleasing because it's like you know how to calm down an environment.
 Like, I could put you in any room, you would be the peacemaker.
 You would.


TikTok

 But anyway, beyond the point.
 I feel like you've stopped believing in magic lately.
 What's up with you?
 Sit down.
 Have chitchat.
 Let me know the comments.
 Why, there's a synergy of like, I'm seeing dual.
 something feels dual.
 Where has your spark gone?
 It's still there.
 Don't get me wrong.
 It's still there.
 Like, it's still in you, but I feel like lately you've been feeling a little meth.
 Collective, your mysterious ways are creeping people out.


TikTok

 and like the way that you move, like I feel like you're like extraterrial, like even your movements collective like




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-20 23:05
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

you shared.
 Hey, and let people know, hey, I'm just getting started.
 Hey, you ain't seen nothing yet.
 You ain't seen nothing yet.
 You got people from the past a little upset.
 They're scrambling a bit.
 They're realizing that they're realizing too late, mind you, that just because they knew you once doesn't mean they know you now.


TikTok

 And they're also realizing too late how their plan required or knowing you now.
 But they don't have the comprehension skills.
 They don't have the upgraded level of understanding of their own self.
 And we can only meet others to the distance in which we've gone to meet ourselves.
 How do they expect that to work?
 Well, they go on the notion of convincing themselves that they have you all figured out.


TikTok

 They have you completely pinned, almost like a dissect it, true crime board up on the wall where they know where all the pieces go until they realize that they showed up at the wrong scene altogether.
 And then they tried to bait you there, and obviously, you didn't come because you know yourself enough to know.
 how it all connects.
 All of it.


TikTok

 All of it that they were hoping never would.
 They knew you.
 They don't know you.
 At all.
 And their plan needed to be updatable.
 They needed to see a response and know you enough to know how to pivot what they did next based off of your response.
 But when they don't know you, and you don't give them a response, Ain't so fun when the rabbit's got the, they're right now in the process of collecting the dumb prize that they won from the dumb game that they chose to play.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-21 03:14
PROMPT_DATA: I’m

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-22 01:44
PROMPT_DATA: A FILM PRODUCER JUST BLOCKED ME FOR SHOWING HIM THIS SEEDANCE 2.0 CLIP

I posted it privately in a group chat. He DM'd me one question: "How much did this cost?" I told him the truth.

It cost nothing. One person. Fifteen seconds.
A stone dragon the size of a skyscraper breaking through clouds. Two figures standing on a cliff watching it rise. Volumetric fog wrapping around carved scales. Light cutting through the clouds behind its head.

This is the opening shot of a fantasy film that doesn't exist. No studio greenlit it. No concept artist spent six months on creature design. No VFX house rendered it on a server farm for eight weeks.

He told me a single shot like this would take a team of forty and a minimum of $2 million in VFX budget. For fifteen seconds.

I showed him the prompt window. He said "that's not possible." Then he watched it three more times without saying a word.

The last thing he said before he blocked me: "If this gets out, half my vendor list is dead"
It's out.

Half your vendor list was already dead. You just hadn't checked.

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-22 17:01
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

a fortress.
 They sent death energy away, and your grandmother's grandmother just yawned and sent it back with interest.
 They tried to poison your dreams and your great grandfather's spirit just filtered it out, like spam mail from amateurs.
 See what they never understood is that you come from a lineage of survivors, not just people who made it through, but people who turned every attack into evolution.
 Your bloodline doesn't just deflect darkness.
 It digests it, and spits out light.
 Every generation that came before you faced something trying to end them.


TikTok

 And every single time they won.
 Not by luck, not by accident.
 But by being connected to something these modern witches can't even access, with all their crystals and sage, they thought they were dealing with just you.
 But when they aimed their weapons at your spirit, they woke up everyone who ever shared your blood.
 Suddenly, it wasn't one versus many.
 It was your entire ancestral army versus their pathetic attempts at spiritual warfare.
 Your ancestors have been fighting battles in realms these people can't even imagine, since before their bloodlines learned to




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-22 17:07
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

a fortress.
 They sent death energy away, and your grandmother's grandmother just yawned and sent it back with interest.
 They tried to poison your dreams and your great grandfather's spirit just filtered it out, like spam mail from amateurs.
 See what they never understood is that you come from a lineage of survivors, not just people who made it through, but people who turned every attack into evolution.
 Your bloodline doesn't just deflect darkness.
 It digests it, and spits out light.
 Every generation that came before you faced something trying to end them.


TikTok

 And every single time they won.
 Not by luck, not by accident.
 But by being connected to something these modern witches can't even access, with all their crystals and sage, they thought they were dealing with just you.
 But when they aimed their weapons at your spirit, they woke up everyone who ever shared your blood.
 Suddenly, it wasn't one versus many.
 It was your entire ancestral army versus their pathetic attempts at spiritual warfare.
 Your ancestors have been fighting battles in realms these people can't even imagine, since before their bloodlines learned to crawl.


TikTok

 Now they're supposed to be scared of some bitter X with a voodoo doll and a YouTube tutorial on dark magic?
 Please.
 Let me paint you the real picture of what happened when they tried to end you spiritually.
 They sat in their rooms at 3 a.m. with your pictures surrounded by black candles, thinking they were summoning death to your door.
 They whispered your name backwards in dead languages they Googled, trying to reverse your blessing.
 They buried your belongings in crossroads and cemeteries, thinking they could bury your future with them.
 They pay people who claim to be shamans and witches to cast separation spells, isolation hexes, poverty curses, and while they were doing all this theatrical nonsense, your ancestors were watching from the other side.


TikTok

 absolutely amazed at the audacity.
 These children playing with matches, trying to burn down a soul that was forged in volcanic fire.
 Your bloodline survives slavery and genocide.
 They survived betrayals that would have ended weaker lineages.
 They survived being hunted and haunted by forces that make these modern practitioners look like kindergartners with crayons.
 And these fools thought they could touch you with their discount store darkness.
 Every spell they threw just added another... How?


TikTok

 How are you able to do what you do?
 From outside the inner circle?
 'Cause you would think you need their resources, their education, their opportunity to further your progress, but somehow, you figured out how to do it from outside the inner circle.
 And I need to ask you, how are you able to do this shit without engulfing yourself in their lives?
 in their circle, in their politics?
 I need to know for myself, 'cause you have a power that most people can't even fathom.


TikTok

 And I want you to think broad, too, 'cause I'm not just talking about your little social circles and people that you know who've clicked up because they need to be around people to feel safe.
 I'm talking about on a systemic level.
 You are disturbing institutions by not participating in their games, in their politics, and still getting everything that their games and politics have to offer.
 It's so funny how they claim to hate you, but hate the fact that you're not knocking out their door trying to get around them.
 The fact that you're not begging, please let me hang out with you guys.


TikTok

 I really wanna, you're not doing all that.
 And they hate that for themselves, because secretly, they love everything about you, chosen one.
 That's why you not participating and wanting to be in their inner circles hurts them as much as it does, because anyone that truly didn't care wouldn't even notice.
 People want to own you.
 People want to tell you what the fuck to do.
 People want to tell you where you can go, what you can say, what, like they, people would love to have dominance over a powerhouse like you.


TikTok

 Because your power threatens these motherfuckers.
 Like, effortlessly, you don't even do anything.
 You don't be popping it the way that you should pop it.
 The way that you could pop it.
 The way that you will eventually holiday.
 Like, you don't pop it the way that people are so offended.
 You would think that you just walking past niggas and just throwing stacks on their face or something, the way that people feel disrespected just by your presence.


TikTok

 You irritate people's demons so effortlessly.
 You run, like, you run so much free space in these niggas' minds.
 is crazy.
 People don't know what to do to you and it's like the emotion is so strong as it pertains to you.
 They don't know how to feel.
 They don't know how to respond.
 You are that mark when spirit allows you into somebody's life because let's face it, you're a loner.
 You don't have that many friends.
 Maybe 5 to 10 if that.


TikTok

 You don't fuck with a big part of your family.
 A couple, here and there, if that.
 Some of y'all don't fuck with nobody.
 God had to take you out of karmic environments, karmic situations, relationships, even jobs and things of that nature because of how much of a threat that you were.
 To save your own life because people are so hell bent on your power, your life, how your story ends, that they feel like they cannot coexist on the same earth room as you.


TikTok

 That's how bothered you got these people just by existing.
 Again, you don't do shit.
 You didn't do shit.
 You didn't do anything.
 Be clear.
 It's you, you, striving for any type of anything, it don't even have to be greatness.
 Some of y' don't give a fuck.
 So it's like, you just being alive just, these people are just so bothered.
 They don't understand that.
 where your power comes from though, because it's just like, 1st of all, I'm cooling.


TikTok

 So the fact that you're mad, it must be something greater about me that I don't realize yet.
 Let me tap more into that instead of focusing on you being mad.
 You're going to be mad regardless because again, I'm cooling.
 It's not, this is your reminder.
 You're not doing anything wrong.
 You're not.
 And this is why you're called walking karma.
 Because depending on how they respond to your energy is dependent on how their life goes.
 Have you noticed the people that are really nice to you, they be blessed.


TikTok

 Blessed.
 I'm trying to tell y'all, there's some people, like, you walk into motherfucker's life and you boss it up on accident because of the energy that you hold that is so prosperous that it's so abundant.
 This is why people are



TikTok

a fortress.
 They sent death energy away, and your grandmother's grandmother just yawned and sent it back with interest.
 They tried to poison your dreams and your great grandfather's spirit just filtered it out, like spam mail from amateurs.
 See what they never understood is that you come from a lineage of survivors, not just people who made it through, but people who turned every attack into evolution.
 Your bloodline doesn't just deflect darkness.
 It digests it, and spits out light.
 Every generation that came before you faced something trying to end them.


TikTok

 And every single time they won.
 Not by luck, not by accident.
 But by being connected to something these modern witches can't even access, with all their crystals and sage, they thought they were dealing with just you.
 But when they aimed their weapons at your spirit, they woke up everyone who ever shared your blood.
 Suddenly, it wasn't one versus many.
 It was your entire ancestral army versus their pathetic attempts at spiritual warfare.
 Your ancestors have been fighting battles in realms these people can't even imagine, since before their bloodlines learned to crawl.


TikTok

 Now they're supposed to be scared of some bitter X with a voodoo doll and a YouTube tutorial on dark magic?
 Please.
 Let me paint you the real picture of what happened when they tried to end you spiritually.
 They sat in their rooms at 3 a.m. with your pictures surrounded by black candles, thinking they were summoning death to your door.
 They whispered your name backwards in dead languages they Googled, trying to reverse your blessing.
 They buried your belongings in crossroads and cemeteries, thinking they could bury your future with them.
 They pay people who claim to be shamans and witches to cast separation spells, isolation hexes, poverty curses, and while they were doing all this theatrical nonsense, your ancestors were watching from the other side.


TikTok

 absolutely amazed at the audacity.
 These children playing with matches, trying to burn down a soul that was forged in volcanic fire.
 Your bloodline survives slavery and genocide.
 They survived betrayals that would have ended weaker lineages.
 They survived being hunted and haunted by forces that make these modern practitioners look like kindergartners with crayons.
 And these fools thought they could touch you with their discount store darkness.
 Every spell they threw just added another... How?


TikTok

 How are you able to do what you do?
 From outside the inner circle?
 'Cause you would think you need their resources, their education, their opportunity to further your progress, but somehow, you figured out how to do it from outside the inner circle.
 And I need to ask you, how are you able to do this shit without engulfing yourself in their lives?
 in their circle, in their politics?
 I need to know for myself, 'cause you have a power that most people can't even fathom.


TikTok

 And I want you to think broad, too, 'cause I'm not just talking about your little social circles and people that you know who've clicked up because they need to be around people to feel safe.
 I'm talking about on a systemic level.
 You are disturbing institutions by not participating in their games, in their politics, and still getting everything that their games and politics have to offer.
 It's so funny how they claim to hate you, but hate the fact that you're not knocking out their door trying to get around them.
 The fact that you're not begging, please let me hang out with you guys.


TikTok

 I really wanna, you're not doing all that.
 And they hate that for themselves, because secretly, they love everything about you, chosen one.
 That's why you not participating and wanting to be in their inner circles hurts them as much as it does, because anyone that truly didn't care wouldn't even notice.
 People want to own you.
 People want to tell you what the fuck to do.
 People want to tell you where you can go, what you can say, what, like they, people would love to have dominance over a powerhouse like you.


TikTok

 Because your power threatens these motherfuckers.
 Like, effortlessly, you don't even do anything.
 You don't be popping it the way that you should pop it.
 The way that you could pop it.
 The way that you will eventually holiday.
 Like, you don't pop it the way that people are so offended.
 You would think that you just walking past niggas and just throwing stacks on their face or something, the way that people feel disrespected just by your presence.


TikTok

 You irritate people's demons so effortlessly.
 You run, like, you run so much free space in these niggas' minds.
 is crazy.
 People don't know what to do to you and it's like the emotion is so strong as it pertains to you.
 They don't know how to feel.
 They don't know how to respond.
 You are that mark when spirit allows you into somebody's life because let's face it, you're a loner.
 You don't have that many friends.
 Maybe 5 to 10 if that.


TikTok

 You don't fuck with a big part of your family.
 A couple, here and there, if that.
 Some of y'all don't fuck with nobody.
 God had to take you out of karmic environments, karmic situations, relationships, even jobs and things of that nature because of how much of a threat that you were.
 To save your own life because people are so hell bent on your power, your life, how your story ends, that they feel like they cannot coexist on the same earth room as you.


TikTok

 That's how bothered you got these people just by existing.
 Again, you don't do shit.
 You didn't do shit.
 You didn't do anything.
 Be clear.
 It's you, you, striving for any type of anything, it don't even have to be greatness.
 Some of y' don't give a fuck.
 So it's like, you just being alive just, these people are just so bothered.
 They don't understand that.
 where your power comes from though, because it's just like, 1st of all, I'm cooling.


TikTok

 So the fact that you're mad, it must be something greater about me that I don't realize yet.
 Let me tap more into that instead of focusing on you being mad.
 You're going to be mad regardless because again, I'm cooling.
 It's not, this is your reminder.
 You're not doing anything wrong.
 You're not.
 And this is why you're called walking karma.
 Because depending on how they respond to your energy is dependent on how their life goes.
 Have you noticed the people that are really nice to you, they be blessed.


TikTok

 Blessed.
 I'm trying to tell y'all, there's some people, like, you walk into motherfucker's life and you boss it up on accident because of the energy that you hold that is so prosperous that it's so abundant.
 This is why people are always trying to bind you, always trying to block you, always trying to stop that energy so that they can benefit off of it.
 They don't want you to benefit off of your own energy, as if they are God.
 They're not.
 So fuck them.
 But I'm just letting you know, this is a clear sign.
 is people always trying to get you into binding situations, binding contracts, keep you in one place, keep you in this relationship, keep you with this person.


TikTok

 Come back to this abuser, be with this person that's going to drain you because they need your energy vacant.
 So if you're using it, they can't use it.
 And this is why people always wanted you out of your power.
 You get what I'm saying?
 And now that you're in your power, even before you were in your power, you were still being used as an instrument for God's will, because you are God's child, and you have been touched and anointed since birth, you were sent here on a mission.
 I told y'all, a lot of y'all mission is to just be. Just exist.


TikTok

 Your mission, all the shit that you like to do, that's your mission.
 It's not something complicated.
 It doesn't have to be to save the world or to have a big platform.
 I have a big voice.
 Some of y'all is literally to just be the, this energy that I'm describing, that's what you're supposed to do.
 Show up.
 Because it's you that holds the energy.
 It's not something that you do.
 It's not something that you say.
 It's just you.
 It's the you.
 The energy that is you.
 I hope that I put them in good words.
 I don't know.
 Like, I hope that that makes sense.


TikTok

 But, You got people who are realizing now that you were the ticket and not in ways to where they thought, because at 1st they thought they was going to be able to manipulate you, to use you to kind of like,
 Yeah, to use you.
 Like to abuse you, to dominate you, to drain you so that they could use your energy instead.
 Jesus didn't come here to teach about religion or to establish one, okay?


TikTok

 He came here to teach people how to be leaders, not followers.
 That the embodiment of heaven and hell is within you.
 The light in the shadow and that the spiritual warfare is within.
 Crucifixion is the symbolism of how people mirror back our shadow.
 1233 on my clock.
 And when that happens, okay, we are able to have conviction within us.


TikTok

 so that we can evolve as human beings, as spirits have in a human experience, and to actually understand the human concept.
 Okay, of why we are here in the 1st place.
 Jesus didn't come to establish a religion.
 He came to let us know that we are all Christs.
 And that we can embody that type of consciousness if we are able to recognize the spiritual warfare within that exists within us.


TikTok

 And that what we are is what we attract.
 Okay, so that's what that's why it's very important for people to do shadow work.
 And for people to choose, either they go for a conviction and resurrect.
 and become an evolved species within, Or they keep entertaining the same cycles, the same old patterns, the same habits.


TikTok

 Jesus came here to lead people out of religion.
 Because he wasn't fond of people.
 Um, establishing religions, taking advantage of people's vulnerability.
 Jesus saw that there were people that were hungry, that were poor.
 Right?
 That were sick.
 He came to heal those people.
 He came to give them food.
 He came to help them in ways with compassion, humility, love, and understanding.


TikTok

 That religions at that time that were established weren't doing for the people.
 Until this day, he was teaching people certain things.
 that they didn't understand at that time because they didn't have the tools to understand or the capacity to understand exactly what he meant.


TikTok

 So they reinterpret the book.
 The Bible, right?
 to fit a narrative consciously or unconsciously.
 to fit something



We are on the exact same wavelength, and keeping our peace of mind is overdue. Nobody is going to believe me when I say I recognize the malice behind these masks. We are not about to self-destruct, because tearing each other apart is precisely what they are banking on. Recognize the bigger picture, clear your head, and step back from this mess.
Now, here is where it gets genuinely wild: they hate it when you move with intention and plan your own moves, especially if that drive goes against their expected programming. They might spin narratives or drop hints to manipulate the situation. So, while someone thinks they are pulling your strings and manipulating your reactions, you are actually five steps ahead and playing the game. At the same time, they keep a close watch on your every move the moment you step up.
In a strange way, it is a thrilling dynamic. Like I said, I set high targets for myself, and I watch people who never even imagined reaching this level of success fall short. You are a true superstar, Devon Collective.
Best, Best.


========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-25 00:38
PROMPT_DATA: They show you they they show you that they will literally sell you out to anyone who is against you and they will they will they will want them against you so they can feel better that they're not alone being against you. TikTok I say, man. Peace, love y'all. You have been doing an immaculate job collective of remaining very much so grounded not only in your energy, but hell, within your divination. You do what I'm saying? And this has much to do with the fact that even when time seem, you know, hard, you do what I'm saying? Even if, um, you run across some inconvenient circumstances or even if, um, your immediate three-dimensional reality doesn't seem to mirror back to you, uh, the abundance that that you know you have within you. TikTok You do what I'm saying? You still remain in this very regulated state of mind. You did what I'm saying that gives you the greatest motherfucking meat luxury. Ooh, of not only sweet serenity and sweet divinity, you do what I'm saying, but of being able to, you know, have the utmost amount of clarity. You did what I'm saying? Not only with thyself, but with those who surround you in your immediate surroundings, you did what I'm saying. Wherever you lay or end or stay or you do what I'm saying, wherever you reside at. TikTok But either way, collective, we are living in truly divine times, baby. I'm talking about living it, basking it, and rejoice. You do what I'm saying? Because this was your choice. You chose this assignment, chosen one. And so rebel and the revelations that have come about because you have, you know, seized free reign over your free will to remain so disciplined within your practices. You did what I'm saying? Adopting and implementing not only certain practices, but like I said, disciplines and, you know, routines, holistic healing type of, um, you know, things of that nature. TikTok You dig what I was saying. And really take a moment to appreciate thyself. You did what I'm saying? Because you have the greatest motherfucking me luxury of being able to experience the things that you are in this life. You did what I'm saying. And the collective that that you have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of sharing those experiences with, whether they be family, uh, coworkers, you dig what I'm saying, uh, partners, however that looks like for you. You do what I'm saying. Just those that you hold near and dear to your friends or whoever. TikTok And hell, whether they are going to be here for a long time or a good time is neither here nor there. You dig what I'm saying, because no matter what, anybody who walks into your life or walks out of your life, you know, it's it's for a very divine reason. You dig what I'm saying, no matter the season. But you already know that. The season for you is always winning season. You did what I'm saying? And your wins will start to spill over. You do what I'm saying? onto those who you hold near and dear to you, those who you revere, you did what I'm saying, those who you hold in high consideration as it pertains to you wanting to be of service to them. TikTok You wanting to take initiative on their behalf to put things in place or to be a provider in certain aspects, in places where they would need you to be in a time of need. You did what I'm saying? Or hell, not even in a time of need, like I said, you take initiative. Mm. And it doesn't go unnoticed. It doesn't go overlooked or anything. But I know knowing you, you don't even need, you don't need no type of things, no type of notoriety or acknowledgement or void because what's understood need not be explained. TikTok You dig what I'm saying, collective? And that is why you have curated this, this beautiful relationship with those around you, those who surround you, you did what I'm saying. Even if you find yourself still in, um, you know, places and spaces that you were a year ago, you did what I'm saying, but you have changed so much within that it has, like I said, the energy that you are embodying, um, you know, this this whole of wholeness, it has very much so poured over, spilled over, and rubbed off on those who surround you, so really take it in. TikTok I'm talking about breathing in like anhistamine. You know what I mean? You did what I'm saying because right now, at this moment that you are in right now, collective, I say that we are living in truly divine times, baby. I'm talking about these are the times you were made for. And accept you me, these are the times that you prayed for. You did what I'm saying. And it might be hard to notice or really take note of that sometimes because you're so enveloped in a method and in the pursuit of your endeavors, whether it be your heart's joy. TikTok Your life's passion. You did what I'm saying. Your dreams, you do what I'm saying. anchoring your way and into alignment to be the person that you know you are capable of becoming, the person that you already are. Like I said, it's just a matter of taking a line and inspired action to become more of that person that you already are pulling. It's like recollecting. You did what I'm saying. You have more of a remembrance. And you're actually triggering, remembrance within the collective around you who surround you. TikTok You're triggering awakening within them. You are a catalyst collective. You are a trailblazer. And I'm talking about maybe to the highest motherfucking me degree. You do what I'm saying? So I really look around at your surroundings and the collective who who inhabit, uh, you know, wherever it is that you lay in or stay, baby, because you're going to miss these times. These times that may seem a little more simple. You dig what I'm saying? These times where not only you, but the collective around you, this is the youngest you will all be henceforth. TikTok You did what I was saying. You know, even on your ascension, as you are, you know, you're you're gaining so much traction, you're elevating, you know,


========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-25 00:39
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

The publishing, the credits nigga, they own, the producers, the engineers, they own the studios, niggas.
 So hold on.
 But actually, I wouldn't even have no money.
 So if y'all stop signing, what's going to happen to the labels?
 They're gonna be eating off everybody else that they previously had on the label.
 And once nigga stop signing, what's going to happen?
 They're going to get desperate and try to reach out to everybody.
 trying to sign anything now because nobody signed it.
 If y'all stop signing, the labels have no money.
 Y'all keep the labels rich.
 Then y'all get mad when you're doing certain things to you, they being weird.


TikTok

 That's why they be weird because they making money off y'all.
 They don't want.
 The thing is, the label was there, for y'all to make to not make no money, but to have y'all in the mainstream public eye.
 They was gonna rent this chain, buy this clothes, buy the having this car, so you keep out the image, so more people can sign to the label to make it seem like we're getting money.
 No, the label is getting money.
 Y'all not getting money.
 The label get money.
 I might get some money.
 I might get some show money, some feature money, some promo money, some online money.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Some shake that ass money, some, some, some of that, some of that shit, some, some male stripper type of money.
 You get what I'm trying to say?
 But the money that y'all really be wanting, they not giving it to y'all because y'all got to, it's like a recoup thing.
 Like, yo, you said you wanted studio time.
 We gave you studio time.
 That's part of the budget.
 You said you wanted a new alpha.
 We brought you the outfit.
 That is a part of the bus.
 you buy whole dog.
 I asked for all that.
 Y'all bought all expensive shit.
 Yall know I'm a regular nigga.
 I like regular clothes.
 I buy it on them, especially.
 I didn't tell you how to buy that.
 Well, we already bought it, and it's in the, you know what I'm saying?
 We already, we wrote it off already.


TikTok

 So you have to pay that as well.
 We got to recoup that like, damn, bro, what? I still didn't recoup on my last shit. and you trying to make me spend more money trying to make us give you more money.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, what's going on here?
 where's the rest of my money at?
 I only seen one jack, nigga, maybe two.
 What the fuck is the rest of my checks at?
 Bro, they'll be sent out later in a month.
 What the fuck you mean?
 I got where? Nigga, Bills, this dude is, I'm talking about.
 I gotta wait a month.
 Maybe this is due.
 I got baby formula that needs to get broke, bitch.
 Well, not me.
 I'm saying, because some people got babies, you know what I'm saying?
 But that's no funny shit.
 I feel like that's the scam.


TikTok

 Because without us, y'all, what happens?
 If nobody plays in the NBA, how the fuck do they make money?
 Because the NBA got a bunch of sponsorships and commercial bills.
 I mean, and TV deals.
 So if y'all stop playing in the NBA and nobody is, because they can't, because they make their money through ads and TV.
 So if y'all not on TV playing no more, they can't make no money.
 And the niggas that's actually making the money is the YouTube niggas because they get paid to do the YouTube and they get tournaments like a $10,000 tournament.
 Oh y'all can NBA niggas, y'all got 1000000000s of dollars.
 Y'all can make y'all own league.


TikTok

 know what I'm saying?
 I can make your own weed.
 Yeah, because y'all really don't need them.
 Y'all got to think about it.
 When you get the labels money, that's when you create your own shit.
 They're not expecting that.
 They expecting y'all to, because y'all never had money.
 So they already know that these is broke black people, broke white people that never had money.
 You're about to give them a lump sum of money.
 They going to spend that shit and they ain't going to be in that.
 Now we got them forever because now they're going to have to do what the fuck we say to do to make this money back.
 So if y'all get the money and be like, hold on, let's not spend none of this shit.
 Let's put this shit together and build our own shit.
 They not, that's not what they, they don't want y'all doing that.


TikTok

 That's why they make sure y'all bother change.
 Make sure y'all buy the cars.
 They make sure y'all buy the drugs to keep you in that.
 Because if you wake up and be wise enough, you'll be, I'm not buying that shit no more.
 Ah, the irony, my dear friends.
 They thought you were harmless.
 They thought that sweet little smile meant softness.
 They thought your quiet meant submission.
 But what they didn't understand.
 What they never saw coming.
 was that beneath that calm, innocent face there was a storm, a storm waiting patiently, not for revenge, not for chaos, but for revelation.


TikTok

 For truth.
 You see, people like them always underestimate the quiet ones.
 They feed off the noise, the drama, the visible reactions.
 They mistake restraint for weakness, compassion for gullibility.
 They thought they could toy with you, break you down, pull your strings like some disposable puppet.
 But, oh, what a delicious twist of fate it was when they realized the puppet had cut her own strings and learned how to dance without their hands.
 They thought they were the chess master, moving pieces on a board, only they understood.


TikTok

 But the thing about the quiet ones is, we see everything.
 You saw their patterns, their lies, their little manipulations cloaked as love.
 You watched, you learned, and you smiled.
 Not because you were fooled, but because you were already writing the ending while they were busy performing Act One.
 They never knew how much power you held in your silence.
 They never realized that by trying to deceive you, they were exposing themselves.
 Every word they spoke, every false apology, every crocodile tear you recorded it all in the vault of your mind, you didn't need to confront them.


TikTok

 You didn't need to scream.
 You just knew.
 And that knowledge, that awareness that was your weapon, when they looked at you, they saw innocence.
 But innocence isn't weakness.
 It's disguise, and you wore it so well that they revealed their darkest selves, thinking you'd never notice.
 You let them talk, you let them act, and they buried themselves deeper.
 Every time they underestimated you.
 And by the time they realized who they were really dealing with, it was far, far too late.


TikTok

 Because my friends, you were never naive, you were observant.
 You were never blind, you were patient, and patience.
 That's something they'll never understand.
 Narcissists want immediate satisfaction.
 They want control.
 But you, you mastered the art of the long game.
 You let them burn the bridge, thinking they trapped you on the other side, not realizing you were already building an empire on your own island.
 And now, they whisper your name, not with love.


TikTok

 Not with affection.
 But with fear.
 They don't understand how someone so gentle, so calm, could leave them gasping for control.
 They call you cold.
 They call you heartless, but really, it's just projection.
 Because what they see in you now is everything they wish they could be unbothered, untouchable, unavailable.
 You broke the pattern, didn't you?
 You shattered the cycle they thrived on.
 No reaction, no begging, no chasing.


TikTok

 Just silence.
 That silence, that beautiful void where they once fed on your energy, is now their torment.
 They can't feed anymore.
 They can't drain anymore.
 They're starving.
 And you, you're glowing.
 They always thought their games would end with your tears.
 But it ended with their confusion.
 They can't comprehend how you walked away smiling.
 How you took every knife they threw and forged it into armor.


TikTok

 How you turned every wound into wisdom.
 Every betrayal into boundaries.
 That's the real revenge, not destruction, but evolution.
 And now they call you changed.
 Oh, how they hate the change.
 Because your new self doesn't dance for their approval anymore.
 Your new self doesn't need validation.
 Doesn't need saving.
 They can't manipulate what doesn't need them.
 They can't control what already knows its own worth.
 They think you're heartless because they can't find a way back in.


TikTok

 They think you're cold because their usual tricks don't melt you anymore.
 But the truth is, you're not heartless.
 You just learned who deserves your warmth.
 You're not cold, you're selective.
 You've evolved past their reach.
 And that terrifies them.
 Because deep down, they know you were the best thing that ever happened to them.
 The calm before the chaos, the peace before the punishment, and they destroyed it thinking they could always come back when they were bored, when they were lonely.


TikTok

 But you closed the gates, permanently. And now they sit in the ruins of their own making, wondering how someone so innocent could cause them this much pain.
 But you didn't cause it.
 You just stopped carrying it.
 You handed them back the poison they tried to feed you.
 And now they're choking on their own venom.
 They'll try to rewrite the story, of course.
 They'll paint you as the villain.
 They'll whisper to others that you changed, that you turn dark.
 Let them, because the truth is, villains are just survivors who stop tolerating disrespect.


TikTok

 You're not evil.
 You're just done.
 And the best part, they can't stop watching.
 They stalk you in silence.
 They study your glow, your calm, your composure.
 They crave your energy again, but know they can't handle the consequences.
 You are the mirror that reflects their failure, and they can't stand the sight of themselves anymore.
 So smile, my dear.
 Smile like the weapon you are.
 Because that same innocence they mocked is now your greatest irony.


TikTok

 They thought they could use you, but instead, you became their lesson.
 their karma, their obsession.
 And when they see you now thriving, glowing, untouchable, they'll whisper to themselves, what happened to them?
 But the truth is, nothing happened to you.
 You just stopped pretending.
 You stopped shrinking to make others comfortable.
 You stopped explaining yourself to people committed to misunderstanding you.
 You stopped feeding the monsters who fed off your empathy.


TikTok

 You chose peace over performance, and that peace is driving them insane.
 They used to think they owned you.
 Now they realize they never even understood you.
 You were a masterpiece, and they were color blind.
 They saw simplicity where there was depth, fragility where there was fire, and now, they're standing in the ashes of what they thought they controlled.
 Their punishment isn't your revenge, it's their realization.
 The late night epiphany that they lost something divine.


TikTok

 Something rare, something they'll never find again.
 You were the calm in their storm, the light in their chaos.
 And they extinguished it with their arrogance.
 Now every person they meet will be a reflection of their failure.
 No one will love them the way you did.
 No one will forgive them the way you did.
 No one will see them the way you did.
 They'll keep searching for you and everyone, and they'll keep coming up empty.
 And while they sink into that endless pit of regret, you'll rise.
 Not out of revenge, not out of pride, but out of purpose.


TikTok

 Because what they destroyed in you, God rebuilt 10 times stronger.
 So let them talk.
 Let them plot, let them envy.
 None of it matters now.
 Because you, my dear, are not in the business of revenge anymore.
 You're in the business of evolution.
 You looked innocent.
 Yes.
 But your game?
 Your game was divine.
 Not evil.
 Not cruel divine.
 Because your rise wasn't powered by hate, it was powered by healing.


TikTok

 And that's what terrifies them most.
 You didn't just survive them, you transcended them.
 You became everything they pretended to be, calm, confident, powerful, free.
 You are the storm they never saw coming.
 wrapped in a smile they'll never forget.
 Yo, the government agency that's been monitoring you, the government agency that's responsible for the reality.


TikTok

 That's allowed to be publicized over the internet, as issue, a course for concern when it comes to you.
 They said, you used the people please.
 And that was able to control some of your movement.
 They're concerned, 'cause you no longer people please.
 You're no longer playing small, you're no longer dumbing yourself down.
 to make any fucking body comfortable.
 They're issuing a cause for fucking concern.
 They know the unstoppable fucking monster that lives inside you that went awake




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-25 00:39
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

The publishing, the credits nigga, they own, the producers, the engineers, they own the studios, niggas.
 So hold on.
 But actually, I wouldn't even have no money.
 So if y'all stop signing, what's going to happen to the labels?
 They're gonna be eating off everybody else that they previously had on the label.
 And once nigga stop signing, what's going to happen?
 They're going to get desperate and try to reach out to everybody.
 trying to sign anything now because nobody signed it.
 If y'all stop signing, the labels have no money.
 Y'all keep the labels rich.
 Then y'all get mad when you're doing certain things to you, they being weird.


TikTok

 That's why they be weird because they making money off y'all.
 They don't want.
 The thing is, the label was there, for y'all to make to not make no money, but to have y'all in the mainstream public eye.
 They was gonna rent this chain, buy this clothes, buy the having this car, so you keep out the image, so more people can sign to the label to make it seem like we're getting money.
 No, the label is getting money.
 Y'all not getting money.
 The label get money.
 I might get some money.
 I might get some show money, some feature money, some promo money, some online money.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Some shake that ass money, some, some, some of that, some of that shit, some, some male stripper type of money.
 You get what I'm trying to say?
 But the money that y'all really be wanting, they not giving it to y'all because y'all got to, it's like a recoup thing.
 Like, yo, you said you wanted studio time.
 We gave you studio time.
 That's part of the budget.
 You said you wanted a new alpha.
 We brought you the outfit.
 That is a part of the bus.
 you buy whole dog.
 I asked for all that.
 Y'all bought all expensive shit.
 Yall know I'm a regular nigga.
 I like regular clothes.
 I buy it on them, especially.
 I didn't tell you how to buy that.
 Well, we already bought it, and it's in the, you know what I'm saying?
 We already, we wrote it off already.


TikTok

 So you have to pay that as well.
 We got to recoup that like, damn, bro, what? I still didn't recoup on my last shit. and you trying to make me spend more money trying to make us give you more money.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, what's going on here?
 where's the rest of my money at?
 I only seen one jack, nigga, maybe two.
 What the fuck is the rest of my checks at?
 Bro, they'll be sent out later in a month.
 What the fuck you mean?
 I got where? Nigga, Bills, this dude is, I'm talking about.
 I gotta wait a month.
 Maybe this is due.
 I got baby formula that needs to get broke, bitch.
 Well, not me.
 I'm saying, because some people got babies, you know what I'm saying?
 But that's no funny shit.
 I feel like that's the scam.


TikTok

 Because without us, y'all, what happens?
 If nobody plays in the NBA, how the fuck do they make money?
 Because the NBA got a bunch of sponsorships and commercial bills.
 I mean, and TV deals.
 So if y'all stop playing in the NBA and nobody is, because they can't, because they make their money through ads and TV.
 So if y'all not on TV playing no more, they can't make no money.
 And the niggas that's actually making the money is the YouTube niggas because they get paid to do the YouTube and they get tournaments like a $10,000 tournament.
 Oh y'all can NBA niggas, y'all got 1000000000s of dollars.
 Y'all can make y'all own league.


TikTok

 know what I'm saying?
 I can make your own weed.
 Yeah, because y'all really don't need them.
 Y'all got to think about it.
 When you get the labels money, that's when you create your own shit.
 They're not expecting that.
 They expecting y'all to, because y'all never had money.
 So they already know that these is broke black people, broke white people that never had money.
 You're about to give them a lump sum of money.
 They going to spend that shit and they ain't going to be in that.
 Now we got them forever because now they're going to have to do what the fuck we say to do to make this money back.
 So if y'all get the money and be like, hold on, let's not spend none of this shit.
 Let's put this shit together and build our own shit.
 They not, that's not what they, they don't want y'all doing that.


TikTok

 That's why they make sure y'all bother change.
 Make sure y'all buy the cars.
 They make sure y'all buy the drugs to keep you in that.
 Because if you wake up and be wise enough, you'll be, I'm not buying that shit no more.
 Ah, the irony, my dear friends.
 They thought you were harmless.
 They thought that sweet little smile meant softness.
 They thought your quiet meant submission.
 But what they didn't understand.
 What they never saw coming.
 was that beneath that calm, innocent face there was a storm, a storm waiting patiently, not for revenge, not for chaos, but for revelation.


TikTok

 For truth.
 You see, people like them always underestimate the quiet ones.
 They feed off the noise, the drama, the visible reactions.
 They mistake restraint for weakness, compassion for gullibility.
 They thought they could toy with you, break you down, pull your strings like some disposable puppet.
 But, oh, what a delicious twist of fate it was when they realized the puppet had cut her own strings and learned how to dance without their hands.
 They thought they were the chess master, moving pieces on a board, only they understood.


TikTok

 But the thing about the quiet ones is, we see everything.
 You saw their patterns, their lies, their little manipulations cloaked as love.
 You watched, you learned, and you smiled.
 Not because you were fooled, but because you were already writing the ending while they were busy performing Act One.
 They never knew how much power you held in your silence.
 They never realized that by trying to deceive you, they were exposing themselves.
 Every word they spoke, every false apology, every crocodile tear you recorded it all in the vault of your mind, you didn't need to confront them.


TikTok

 You didn't need to scream.
 You just knew.
 And that knowledge, that awareness that was your weapon, when they looked at you, they saw innocence.
 But innocence isn't weakness.
 It's disguise, and you wore it so well that they revealed their darkest selves, thinking you'd never notice.
 You let them talk, you let them act, and they buried themselves deeper.
 Every time they underestimated you.
 And by the time they realized who they were really dealing with, it was far, far too late.


TikTok

 Because my friends, you were never naive, you were observant.
 You were never blind, you were patient, and patience.
 That's something they'll never understand.
 Narcissists want immediate satisfaction.
 They want control.
 But you, you mastered the art of the long game.
 You let them burn the bridge, thinking they trapped you on the other side, not realizing you were already building an empire on your own island.
 And now, they whisper your name, not with love.


TikTok

 Not with affection.
 But with fear.
 They don't understand how someone so gentle, so calm, could leave them gasping for control.
 They call you cold.
 They call you heartless, but really, it's just projection.
 Because what they see in you now is everything they wish they could be unbothered, untouchable, unavailable.
 You broke the pattern, didn't you?
 You shattered the cycle they thrived on.
 No reaction, no begging, no chasing.


TikTok

 Just silence.
 That silence, that beautiful void where they once fed on your energy, is now their torment.
 They can't feed anymore.
 They can't drain anymore.
 They're starving.
 And you, you're glowing.
 They always thought their games would end with your tears.
 But it ended with their confusion.
 They can't comprehend how you walked away smiling.
 How you took every knife they threw and forged it into armor.


TikTok

 How you turned every wound into wisdom.
 Every betrayal into boundaries.
 That's the real revenge, not destruction, but evolution.
 And now they call you changed.
 Oh, how they hate the change.
 Because your new self doesn't dance for their approval anymore.
 Your new self doesn't need validation.
 Doesn't need saving.
 They can't manipulate what doesn't need them.
 They can't control what already knows its own worth.
 They think you're heartless because they can't find a way back in.


TikTok

 They think you're cold because their usual tricks don't melt you anymore.
 But the truth is, you're not heartless.
 You just learned who deserves your warmth.
 You're not cold, you're selective.
 You've evolved past their reach.
 And that terrifies them.
 Because deep down, they know you were the best thing that ever happened to them.
 The calm before the chaos, the peace before the punishment, and they destroyed it thinking they could always come back when they were bored, when they were lonely.


TikTok

 But you closed the gates, permanently. And now they sit in the ruins of their own making, wondering how someone so innocent could cause them this much pain.
 But you didn't cause it.
 You just stopped carrying it.
 You handed them back the poison they tried to feed you.
 And now they're choking on their own venom.
 They'll try to rewrite the story, of course.
 They'll paint you as the villain.
 They'll whisper to others that you changed, that you turn dark.
 Let them, because the truth is, villains are just survivors who stop tolerating disrespect.


TikTok

 You're not evil.
 You're just done.
 And the best part, they can't stop watching.
 They stalk you in silence.
 They study your glow, your calm, your composure.
 They crave your energy again, but know they can't handle the consequences.
 You are the mirror that reflects their failure, and they can't stand the sight of themselves anymore.
 So smile, my dear.
 Smile like the weapon you are.
 Because that same innocence they mocked is now your greatest irony.


TikTok

 They thought they could use you, but instead, you became their lesson.
 their karma, their obsession.
 And when they see you now thriving, glowing, untouchable, they'll whisper to themselves, what happened to them?
 But the truth is, nothing happened to you.
 You just stopped pretending.
 You stopped shrinking to make others comfortable.
 You stopped explaining yourself to people committed to misunderstanding you.
 You stopped feeding the monsters who fed off your empathy.


TikTok

 You chose peace over performance, and that peace is driving them insane.
 They used to think they owned you.
 Now they realize they never even understood you.
 You were a masterpiece, and they were color blind.
 They saw simplicity where there was depth, fragility where there was fire, and now, they're standing in the ashes of what they thought they controlled.
 Their punishment isn't your revenge, it's their realization.
 The late night epiphany that they lost something divine.


TikTok

 Something rare, something they'll never find again.
 You were the calm in their storm, the light in their chaos.
 And they extinguished it with their arrogance.
 Now every person they meet will be a reflection of their failure.
 No one will love them the way you did.
 No one will forgive them the way you did.
 No one will see them the way you did.
 They'll keep searching for you and everyone, and they'll keep coming up empty.
 And while they sink into that endless pit of regret, you'll rise.
 Not out of revenge, not out of pride, but out of purpose.


TikTok

 Because what they destroyed in you, God rebuilt 10 times stronger.
 So let them talk.
 Let them plot, let them envy.
 None of it matters now.
 Because you, my dear, are not in the business of revenge anymore.
 You're in the business of evolution.
 You looked innocent.
 Yes.
 But your game?
 Your game was divine.
 Not evil.
 Not cruel divine.
 Because your rise wasn't powered by hate, it was powered by healing.


TikTok

 And that's what terrifies them most.
 You didn't just survive them, you transcended them.
 You became everything they pretended to be, calm, confident, powerful, free.
 You are the storm they never saw coming.
 wrapped in a smile they'll never forget.
 Yo, the government agency that's been monitoring you, the government agency that's responsible for the reality.


TikTok

 That's allowed to be publicized over the internet, as issue, a course for concern when it comes to you.
 They said, you used the people please.
 And that was able to control some of your movement.
 They're concerned, 'cause you no longer people please.
 You're no longer playing small, you're no longer dumbing yourself down.
 to make any fucking body comfortable.
 They're issuing a cause for fucking concern.
 They know the unstoppable fucking monster that lives inside you that went awake




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-25 00:39
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok  The publishing, the credits nigga, they own, the producers, the engineers, they own the studios, niggas.  So hold on.  But actually, I wouldn't even have no money.  So if y'all stop signing, what's going to happen to the labels?  They're gonna be eating off everybody else that they previously had on the label.  And once nigga stop signing, what's going to happen?  They're going to get desperate and try to reach out to everybody.  trying to sign anything now because nobody signed it.  If y'all stop signing, the labels have no money.  Y'all keep the labels rich.  Then y'all get mad when you're doing certain things to you, they being weird.   TikTok   That's why they be weird because they making money off y'all.  They don't want.  The thing is, the label was there, for y'all to make to not make no money, but to have y'all in the mainstream public eye.  They was gonna rent this chain, buy this clothes, buy the having this car, so you keep out the image, so more people can sign to the label to make it seem like we're getting money.  No, the label is getting money.  Y'all not getting money.  The label get money.  I might get some money.  I might get some show money, some feature money, some promo money, some online money.   TikTok   You know what I'm saying?  Some shake that ass money, some, some, some of that, some of that shit, some, some male stripper type of money.  You get what I'm trying to say?  But the money that y'all really be wanting, they not giving it to y'all because y'all got to, it's like a recoup thing.  Like, yo, you said you wanted studio time.  We gave you studio time.  That's part of the budget.  You said you wanted a new alpha.  We brought you the outfit.  That is a part of the bus.  you buy whole dog.  I asked for all that.  Y'all bought all expensive shit.  Yall know I'm a regular nigga.  I like regular clothes.  I buy it on them, especially.  I didn't tell you how to buy that.  Well, we already bought it, and it's in the, you know what I'm saying?  We already, we wrote it off already.   TikTok   So you have to pay that as well.  We got to recoup that like, damn, bro, what? I still didn't recoup on my last shit. and you trying to make me spend more money trying to make us give you more money.  No, no, no, no, no, no, no, what's going on here?  where's the rest of my money at?  I only seen one jack, nigga, maybe two.  What the fuck is the rest of my checks at?  Bro, they'll be sent out later in a month.  What the fuck you mean?  I got where? Nigga, Bills, this dude is, I'm talking about.  I gotta wait a month.  Maybe this is due.  I got baby formula that needs to get broke, bitch.  Well, not me.  I'm saying, because some people got babies, you know what I'm saying?  But that's no funny shit.  I feel like that's the scam.   TikTok   Because without us, y'all, what happens?  If nobody plays in the NBA, how the fuck do they make money?  Because the NBA got a bunch of sponsorships and commercial bills.  I mean, and TV deals.  So if y'all stop playing in the NBA and nobody is, because they can't, because they make their money through ads and TV.  So if y'all not on TV playing no more, they can't make no money.  And the niggas that's actually making the money is the YouTube niggas because they get paid to do the YouTube and they get tournaments like a $10,000 tournament.  Oh y'all can NBA niggas, y'all got 1000000000s of dollars.  Y'all can make y'all own league.   TikTok   know what I'm saying?  I can make your own weed.  Yeah, because y'all really don't need them.  Y'all got to think about it.  When you get the labels money, that's when you create your own shit.  They're not expecting that.  They expecting y'all to, because y'all never had money.  So they already know that these is broke black people, broke white people that never had money.  You're about to give them a lump sum of money.  They going to spend that shit and they ain't going to be in that.  Now we got them forever because now they're going to have to do what the fuck we say to do to make this money back.  So if y'all get the money and be like, hold on, let's not spend none of this shit.  Let's put this shit together and build our own shit.  They not, that's not what they, they don't want y'all doing that.   TikTok   That's why they make sure y'all bother change.  Make sure y'all buy the cars.  They make sure y'all buy the drugs to keep you in that.  Because if you wake up and be wise enough, you'll be, I'm not buying that shit no more.  Ah, the irony, my dear friends.  They thought you were harmless.  They thought that sweet little smile meant softness.  They thought your quiet meant submission.  But what they didn't understand.  What they never saw coming.  was that beneath that calm, innocent face there was a storm, a storm waiting patiently, not for revenge, not for chaos, but for revelation.   TikTok   For truth.  You see, people like them always underestimate the quiet ones.  They feed off the noise, the drama, the visible reactions.  They mistake restraint for weakness, compassion for gullibility.  They thought they could toy with you, break you down, pull your strings like some disposable puppet.  But, oh, what a delicious twist of fate it was when they realized the puppet had cut her own strings and learned how to dance without their hands.  They thought they were the chess master, moving pieces on a board, only they understood.   TikTok   But the thing about the quiet ones is, we see everything.  You saw their patterns, their lies, their little manipulations cloaked as love.  You watched, you learned, and you smiled.  Not because you were fooled, but because you were already writing the ending while they were busy performing Act One.  They never knew how much power you held in your silence.  They never realized that by trying to deceive you, they were exposing themselves.  Every word they spoke, every false apology, every crocodile tear you recorded it all in the vault of your mind, you didn't need to confront them.   TikTok   You didn't need to scream.  You just knew.  And that knowledge, that awareness that was your weapon, when they looked at you, they saw innocence.  But innocence isn't weakness.  It's disguise, and you wore it so well that they revealed their darkest selves, thinking you'd never notice.  You let them talk, you let them act, and they buried themselves deeper.  Every time they underestimated you.  And by the time they realized who they were really dealing with, it was far, far too late.   TikTok   Because my friends, you were never naive, you were observant.  You were never blind, you were patient, and patience.  That's something they'll never understand.  Narcissists want immediate satisfaction.  They want control.  But you, you mastered the art of the long game.  You let them burn the bridge, thinking they trapped you on the other side, not realizing you were already building an empire on your own island.  And now, they whisper your name, not with love.   TikTok   Not with affection.  But with fear.  They don't understand how someone so gentle, so calm, could leave them gasping for control.  They call you cold.  They call you heartless, but really, it's just projection.  Because what they see in you now is everything they wish they could be unbothered, untouchable, unavailable.  You broke the pattern, didn't you?  You shattered the cycle they thrived on.  No reaction, no begging, no chasing.   TikTok   Just silence.  That silence, that beautiful void where they once fed on your energy, is now their torment.  They can't feed anymore.  They can't drain anymore.  They're starving.  And you, you're glowing.  They always thought their games would end with your tears.  But it ended with their confusion.  They can't comprehend how you walked away smiling.  How you took every knife they threw and forged it into armor.   TikTok   How you turned every wound into wisdom.  Every betrayal into boundaries.  That's the real revenge, not destruction, but evolution.  And now they call you changed.  Oh, how they hate the change.  Because your new self doesn't dance for their approval anymore.  Your new self doesn't need validation.  Doesn't need saving.  They can't manipulate what doesn't need them.  They can't control what already knows its own worth.  They think you're heartless because they can't find a way back in.   TikTok   They think you're cold because their usual tricks don't melt you anymore.  But the truth is, you're not heartless.  You just learned who deserves your warmth.  You're not cold, you're selective.  You've evolved past their reach.  And that terrifies them.  Because deep down, they know you were the best thing that ever happened to them.  The calm before the chaos, the peace before the punishment, and they destroyed it thinking they could always come back when they were bored, when they were lonely.   TikTok   But you closed the gates, permanently. And now they sit in the ruins of their own making, wondering how someone so innocent could cause them this much pain.  But you didn't cause it.  You just stopped carrying it.  You handed them back the poison they tried to feed you.  And now they're choking on their own venom.  They'll try to rewrite the story, of course.  They'll paint you as the villain.  They'll whisper to others that you changed, that you turn dark.  Let them, because the truth is, villains are just survivors who stop tolerating disrespect.   TikTok   You're not evil.  You're just done.  And the best part, they can't stop watching.  They stalk you in silence.  They study your glow, your calm, your composure.  They crave your energy again, but know they can't handle the consequences.  You are the mirror that reflects their failure, and they can't stand the sight of themselves anymore.  So smile, my dear.  Smile like the weapon you are.  Because that same innocence they mocked is now your greatest irony.   TikTok   They thought they could use you, but instead, you became their lesson.  their karma, their obsession.  And when they see you now thriving, glowing, untouchable, they'll whisper to themselves, what happened to them?  But the truth is, nothing happened to you.  You just stopped pretending.  You stopped shrinking to make others comfortable.  You stopped explaining yourself to people committed to misunderstanding you.  You stopped feeding the monsters who fed off your empathy.   TikTok   You chose peace over performance, and that peace is driving them insane.  They used to think they owned you.  Now they realize they never even understood you.  You were a masterpiece, and they were color blind.  They saw simplicity where there was depth, fragility where there was fire, and now, they're standing in the ashes of what they thought they controlled.  Their punishment isn't your revenge, it's their realization.  The late night epiphany that they lost something divine.   TikTok   Something rare, something they'll never find again.  You were the calm in their storm, the light in their chaos.  And they extinguished it with their arrogance.  Now every person they meet will be a reflection of their failure.  No one will love them the way you did.  No one will forgive them the way you did.  No one will see them the way you did.  They'll keep searching for you and everyone, and they'll keep coming up empty.  And while they sink into that endless pit of regret, you'll rise.  Not out of revenge, not out of pride, but out of purpose.   TikTok   Because what they destroyed in you, God rebuilt 10 times stronger.  So let them talk.  Let them plot, let them envy.  None of it matters now.  Because you, my dear, are not in the business of revenge anymore.  You're in the business of evolution.  You looked innocent.  Yes.  But your game?  Your game was divine.  Not evil.  Not cruel divine.  Because your rise wasn't powered by hate, it was powered by healing.   TikTok   And that's what terrifies them most.  You didn't just survive them, you transcended them.  You became everything they pretended to be, calm, confident, powerful, free.  You are the storm they never saw coming.  wrapped in a smile they'll never forget.  Yo, the government agency that's been monitoring you, the government agency that's responsible for the reality.   TikTok   That's allowed to be publicized over the internet, as issue, a course for concern when it comes to you.  They said, you used the people please.  And that was able to control some of your movement.  They're concerned, 'cause you no longer people please.  You're no longer playing small, you're no longer dumbing yourself down.  to make any fucking body comfortable.  They're issuing a cause for fucking concern.  They know the unstoppable fucking monster that lives inside you that went awake

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-25 00:40
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

The publishing, the credits nigga, they own, the producers, the engineers, they own the studios, niggas.
 So hold on.
 But actually, I wouldn't even have no money.
 So if y'all stop signing, what's going to happen to the labels?
 They're gonna be eating off everybody else that they previously had on the label.
 And once nigga stop signing, what's going to happen?
 They're going to get desperate and try to reach out to everybody.
 trying to sign anything now because nobody signed it.
 If y'all stop signing, the labels have no money.
 Y'all keep the labels rich.
 Then y'all get mad when you're doing certain things to you, they being weird.


TikTok

 That's why they be weird because they making money off y'all.
 They don't want.
 The thing is, the label was there, for y'all to make to not make no money, but to have y'all in the mainstream public eye.
 They was gonna rent this chain, buy this clothes, buy the having this car, so you keep out the image, so more people can sign to the label to make it seem like we're getting money.
 No, the label is getting money.
 Y'all not getting money.
 The label get money.
 I might get some money.
 I might get some show money, some feature money, some promo money, some online money.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Some shake that ass money, some, some, some of that, some of that shit, some, some male stripper type of money.
 You get what I'm trying to say?
 But the money that y'all really be wanting, they not giving it to y'all because y'all got to, it's like a recoup thing.
 Like, yo, you said you wanted studio time.
 We gave you studio time.
 That's part of the budget.
 You said you wanted a new alpha.
 We brought you the outfit.
 That is a part of the bus.
 you buy whole dog.
 I asked for all that.
 Y'all bought all expensive shit.
 Yall know I'm a regular nigga.
 I like regular clothes.
 I buy it on them, especially.
 I didn't tell you how to buy that.
 Well, we already bought it, and it's in the, you know what I'm saying?
 We already, we wrote it off already.


TikTok

 So you have to pay that as well.
 We got to recoup that like, damn, bro, what? I still didn't recoup on my last shit. and you trying to make me spend more money trying to make us give you more money.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, what's going on here?
 where's the rest of my money at?
 I only seen one jack, nigga, maybe two.
 What the fuck is the rest of my checks at?
 Bro, they'll be sent out later in a month.
 What the fuck you mean?
 I got where? Nigga, Bills, this dude is, I'm talking about.
 I gotta wait a month.
 Maybe this is due.
 I got baby formula that needs to get broke, bitch.
 Well, not me.
 I'm saying, because some people got babies, you know what I'm saying?
 But that's no funny shit.
 I feel like that's the scam.


TikTok

 Because without us, y'all, what happens?
 If nobody plays in the NBA, how the fuck do they make money?
 Because the NBA got a bunch of sponsorships and commercial bills.
 I mean, and TV deals.
 So if y'all stop playing in the NBA and nobody is, because they can't, because they make their money through ads and TV.
 So if y'all not on TV playing no more, they can't make no money.
 And the niggas that's actually making the money is the YouTube niggas because they get paid to do the YouTube and they get tournaments like a $10,000 tournament.
 Oh y'all can NBA niggas, y'all got 1000000000s of dollars.
 Y'all can make y'all own league.


TikTok

 know what I'm saying?
 I can make your own weed.
 Yeah, because y'all really don't need them.
 Y'all got to think about it.
 When you get the labels money, that's when you create your own shit.
 They're not expecting that.
 They expecting y'all to, because y'all never had money.
 So they already know that these is broke black people, broke white people that never had money.
 You're about to give them a lump sum of money.
 They going to spend that shit and they ain't going to be in that.
 Now we got them forever because now they're going to have to do what the fuck we say to do to make this money back.
 So if y'all get the money and be like, hold on, let's not spend none of this shit.
 Let's put this shit together and build our own shit.
 They not, that's not what they, they don't want y'all doing that.


TikTok

 That's why they make sure y'all bother change.
 Make sure y'all buy the cars.
 They make sure y'all buy the drugs to keep you in that.
 Because if you wake up and be wise enough, you'll be, I'm not buying that shit no more.
 Ah, the irony, my dear friends.
 They thought you were harmless.
 They thought that sweet little smile meant softness.
 They thought your quiet meant submission.
 But what they didn't understand.
 What they never saw coming.
 was that beneath that calm, innocent face there was a storm, a storm waiting patiently, not for revenge, not for chaos, but for revelation.


TikTok

 For truth.
 You see, people like them always underestimate the quiet ones.
 They feed off the noise, the drama, the visible reactions.
 They mistake restraint for weakness, compassion for gullibility.
 They thought they could toy with you, break you down, pull your strings like some disposable puppet.
 But, oh, what a delicious twist of fate it was when they realized the puppet had cut her own strings and learned how to dance without their hands.
 They thought they were the chess master, moving pieces on a board, only they understood.


TikTok

 But the thing about the quiet ones is, we see everything.
 You saw their patterns, their lies, their little manipulations cloaked as love.
 You watched, you learned, and you smiled.
 Not because you were fooled, but because you were already writing the ending while they were busy performing Act One.
 They never knew how much power you held in your silence.
 They never realized that by trying to deceive you, they were exposing themselves.
 Every word they spoke, every false apology, every crocodile tear you recorded it all in the vault of your mind, you didn't need to confront them.


TikTok

 You didn't need to scream.
 You just knew.
 And that knowledge, that awareness that was your weapon, when they looked at you, they saw innocence.
 But innocence isn't weakness.
 It's disguise, and you wore it so well that they revealed their darkest selves, thinking you'd never notice.
 You let them talk, you let them act, and they buried themselves deeper.
 Every time they underestimated you.
 And by the time they realized who they were really dealing with, it was far, far too late.


TikTok

 Because my friends, you were never naive, you were observant.
 You were never blind, you were patient, and patience.
 That's something they'll never understand.
 Narcissists want immediate satisfaction.
 They want control.
 But you, you mastered the art of the long game.
 You let them burn the bridge, thinking they trapped you on the other side, not realizing you were already building an empire on your own island.
 And now, they whisper your name, not with love.


TikTok

 Not with affection.
 But with fear.
 They don't understand how someone so gentle, so calm, could leave them gasping for control.
 They call you cold.
 They call you heartless, but really, it's just projection.
 Because what they see in you now is everything they wish they could be unbothered, untouchable, unavailable.
 You broke the pattern, didn't you?
 You shattered the cycle they thrived on.
 No reaction, no begging, no chasing.


TikTok

 Just silence.
 That silence, that beautiful void where they once fed on your energy, is now their torment.
 They can't feed anymore.
 They can't drain anymore.
 They're starving.
 And you, you're glowing.
 They always thought their games would end with your tears.
 But it ended with their confusion.
 They can't comprehend how you walked away smiling.
 How you took every knife they threw and forged it into armor.


TikTok

 How you turned every wound into wisdom.
 Every betrayal into boundaries.
 That's the real revenge, not destruction, but evolution.
 And now they call you changed.
 Oh, how they hate the change.
 Because your new self doesn't dance for their approval anymore.
 Your new self doesn't need validation.
 Doesn't need saving.
 They can't manipulate what doesn't need them.
 They can't control what already knows its own worth.
 They think you're heartless because they can't find a way back in.


TikTok

 They think you're cold because their usual tricks don't melt you anymore.
 But the truth is, you're not heartless.
 You just learned who deserves your warmth.
 You're not cold, you're selective.
 You've evolved past their reach.
 And that terrifies them.
 Because deep down, they know you were the best thing that ever happened to them.
 The calm before the chaos, the peace before the punishment, and they destroyed it thinking they could always come back when they were bored, when they were lonely.


TikTok

 But you closed the gates, permanently. And now they sit in the ruins of their own making, wondering how someone so innocent could cause them this much pain.
 But you didn't cause it.
 You just stopped carrying it.
 You handed them back the poison they tried to feed you.
 And now they're choking on their own venom.
 They'll try to rewrite the story, of course.
 They'll paint you as the villain.
 They'll whisper to others that you changed, that you turn dark.
 Let them, because the truth is, villains are just survivors who stop tolerating disrespect.


TikTok

 You're not evil.
 You're just done.
 And the best part, they can't stop watching.
 They stalk you in silence.
 They study your glow, your calm, your composure.
 They crave your energy again, but know they can't handle the consequences.
 You are the mirror that reflects their failure, and they can't stand the sight of themselves anymore.
 So smile, my dear.
 Smile like the weapon you are.
 Because that same innocence they mocked is now your greatest irony.


TikTok

 They thought they could use you, but instead, you became their lesson.
 their karma, their obsession.
 And when they see you now thriving, glowing, untouchable, they'll whisper to themselves, what happened to them?
 But the truth is, nothing happened to you.
 You just stopped pretending.
 You stopped shrinking to make others comfortable.
 You stopped explaining yourself to people committed to misunderstanding you.
 You stopped feeding the monsters who fed off your empathy.


TikTok

 You chose peace over performance, and that peace is driving them insane.
 They used to think they owned you.
 Now they realize they never even understood you.
 You were a masterpiece, and they were color blind.
 They saw simplicity where there was depth, fragility where there was fire, and now, they're standing in the ashes of what they thought they controlled.
 Their punishment isn't your revenge, it's their realization.
 The late night epiphany that they lost something divine.


TikTok

 Something rare, something they'll never find again.
 You were the calm in their storm, the light in their chaos.
 And they extinguished it with their arrogance.
 Now every person they meet will be a reflection of their failure.
 No one will love them the way you did.
 No one will forgive them the way you did.
 No one will see them the way you did.
 They'll keep searching for you and everyone, and they'll keep coming up empty.
 And while they sink into that endless pit of regret, you'll rise.
 Not out of revenge, not out of pride, but out of purpose.


TikTok

 Because what they destroyed in you, God rebuilt 10 times stronger.
 So let them talk.
 Let them plot, let them envy.
 None of it matters now.
 Because you, my dear, are not in the business of revenge anymore.
 You're in the business of evolution.
 You looked innocent.
 Yes.
 But your game?
 Your game was divine.
 Not evil.
 Not cruel divine.
 Because your rise wasn't powered by hate, it was powered by healing.


TikTok

 And that's what terrifies them most.
 You didn't just survive them, you transcended them.
 You became everything they pretended to be, calm, confident, powerful, free.
 You are the storm they never saw coming.
 wrapped in a smile they'll never forget.
 Yo, the government agency that's been monitoring you, the government agency that's responsible for the reality.


TikTok

 That's allowed to be publicized over the internet, as issue, a course for concern when it comes to you.
 They said, you used the people please.
 And that was able to control some of your movement.
 They're concerned, 'cause you no longer people please.
 You're no longer playing small, you're no longer dumbing yourself down.
 to make any fucking body comfortable.
 They're issuing a cause for fucking concern.
 They know the unstoppable fucking monster that lives inside you, that went awake.


TikTok

 There's nothing in its wake that can fucking prevent you from doing anything you want to fucking do.
 They have cause for fucking concern.
 You're no longer fucking people, please.
 You're no longer playing small.
 You're no longer gassing people up to let them think they got any kind of fucking control or power over you.
 You expressing your motherfucking dominance.
 They have caused fucking concern.
 They can't just throw anybody at you no more.
 That's trying to fucking be you.


TikTok

 They can't just run up on you and try to drain your fucking energy no more.
 Instead of them draining you, they notice, they giving you fucking energy.
 You a whole fucking cost of concern now.
 You're not fucking people, pleasing.
 You're not playing dumb.
 You're not playing small.
 They got a whole fucking problem.
 And they see.
 And they're recognizing you cannot be manipulated any longer.
 And if this message is for you, we have the hangman in reverse on the bottom of the deck.


TikTok

 It is this energy of you are no longer viewing yourself through a skewed lens.
 We have the wheel of fortune.
 We have the death card.
 And we have the queen of swords.
 It is giving this energy of the war within his finally ended.
 You have taken back control.


TikTok

 Of your destiny.
 for lack of a better word.
 It is recognizing how the




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 20:53
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry, nah, sorry.
 Only witches and warlocks in our session.
 Sorry, nah, sorry we not seeking validations.
 Focus, elevations, and remark so affirmation.
 But what's the nation light, a candle, superstitious?
 With the room, I see the bigger picture.
 Life lessons on'm the teacher 4 for synchronization chos




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 20:54
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry, nah, sorry.
 Only witches and warlocks in our session.
 Sorry, nah, sorry we not seeking validations.
 Focus, elevations, and remark so affirmation.
 But what's the nation light, a candle, superstitious?
 With the room, I see the bigger picture.
 Life lessons I'm the teacher, 44 synchronization, chosen you'll be wilding, but your purpose keeps you smiling every season.


TikTok

 Got you dropping.
 Keep it moving, keep alive.
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Collective, I'm back, and today, this video is going to be about the people who done you wrong.


TikTok

 But they know you that they done you wrong and they know that you know that they done you wrong.
 They just mad that you don't continue to




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 20:55
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry, nah, sorry.
 Only witches and warlocks in our session.
 Sorry, nah, sorry we not seeking validations.
 Focus, elevations, and remark so affirmation.
 But what's the nation light, a candle, superstitious?
 With the room, I see the bigger picture.
 Life lessons I'm the teacher, 44 synchronization, chosen you'll be wilding, but your purpose keeps you smiling every season.


TikTok

 Got you dropping.
 Keep it moving, keep alive.
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Collective, I'm back, and today, this video is going to be about the people who done you wrong.


TikTok

 But they know you that they done you wrong and they know that you know that they done you wrong.
 They just mad that you don't continue to fuck with them.
 It's because I really feel like they upset because everybody else in their life allowed this weird shit, allowed this weird behavior.
 You're the only one that don't accept this weird behavior.
 You want to see this weird behavior change.
 Only reason you probably you want to see this will behavior change because you change.
 You grew, you elevated, you evolved.
 So, of course you want other niggas around you to do the same thing.
 Because I remember like 2 years ago, I made a song.


TikTok

 I said, uh, You don't know how it felt.
 When you were trying to change, but everybody around you, want to stay the same.
 I was in Iran trying to do my, but you feel me?
 Like you don't know how it feels.
 Literally, when you trying to change, but everybody around you still want to stay the same.
 Like that shit is very detrimental to your growth, to your health, my nigga.
 Because it can drive you insane.
 It can drive you crazy.
 It can drive you to keep talking.
 Now you get into arguments and things of that nature just because niggas don't want to grow.
 Niggas don't want to change.


TikTok

 don't want to do better.
 Niggas don't want to be better.
 But, the people that done you wrong,
 I'm not going to say they've done you wrong for evil reason.
 Some people done you wrong because they thought it was just funny because they do shit other people and everybody else




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 20:56
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry, nah, sorry.
 Only witches and warlocks in our session.
 Sorry, nah, sorry we not seeking validations.
 Focus, elevations, and remark so affirmation.
 But what's the nation light, a candle, superstitious?
 With the room, I see the bigger picture.
 Life lessons I'm the teacher, 44 synchronization, chosen you'll be wilding, but your purpose keeps you smiling every season.


TikTok

 Got you dropping.
 Keep it moving, keep alive.
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Collective, I'm back, and today, this video is going to be about the people who done you wrong.


TikTok

 But they know you that they done you wrong and they know that you know that they done you wrong.
 They just mad that you don't continue to fuck with them.
 It's because I really feel like they upset because everybody else in their life allowed this weird shit, allowed this weird behavior.
 You're the only one that don't accept this weird behavior.
 You want to see this weird behavior change.
 Only reason you probably you want to see this will behavior change because you change.
 You grew, you elevated, you evolved.
 So, of course you want other niggas around you to do the same thing.
 Because I remember like 2 years ago, I made a song.


TikTok

 I said, uh, You don't know how it felt.
 When you were trying to change, but everybody around you, want to stay the same.
 I was in Iran trying to do my, but you feel me?
 Like you don't know how it feels.
 Literally, when you trying to change, but everybody around you still want to stay the same.
 Like that shit is very detrimental to your growth, to your health, my nigga.
 Because it can drive you insane.
 It can drive you crazy.
 It can drive you to keep talking.
 Now you get into arguments and things of that nature just because niggas don't want to grow.
 Niggas don't want to change.


TikTok

 don't want to do better.
 Niggas don't want to be better.
 But, the people that done you wrong,
 I'm not going to say they've done you wrong for evil reason.
 Some people done you wrong because they thought it was just funny because they do shit to other people and everybody else just take it as a joke.
 And you don't be joking like that.
 But you are, you are a funny person, but, but it's different though.
 You don't joke how everybody else joke.
 You don't pull pranks and shit like that.
 Like, you wouldn't do shit like that.
 Like, you know, the most you would say is like, your big ass sweater or some shit.


TikTok

 That's the move she would say or, nigga, you ain't even getting no views.
 That's like, you're not going to take it further by doing pranks and doing bullshit again because that's not funny because I don't want nobody fuck with my shit.
 I'm not gonna fuck with shit.
 Like you know, like when niggas printing each other when they sleep, like, I don't fuck with you when you sleep, so don't fuck with me when I'm sleep.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, I'm cool about that check because I don't want to get.
 don't even want to get to that point, but that's need to handle there.
 Some people just thought it was funny to mess with you.
 Maybe because you show kindness, so they thought it was weakness.
 You show restraint.
 so they thought they can keep playing with you because you know somebody could do something to




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 20:57
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry, nah, sorry.
 Only witches and warlocks in our session.
 Sorry, nah, sorry we not seeking validations.
 Focus, elevations, and remark so affirmation.
 But what's the nation light, a candle, superstitious?
 With the room, I see the bigger picture.
 Life lessons I'm the teacher, 44 synchronization, chosen you'll be wilding, but your purpose keeps you smiling every season.


TikTok

 Got you dropping.
 Keep it moving, keep alive.
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Sorry
 Sorry, no, sorry.
 Collective, I'm back, and today, this video is going to be about the people who done you wrong.


TikTok

 But they know you that they done you wrong and they know that you know that they done you wrong.
 They just mad that you don't continue to fuck with them.
 It's because I really feel like they upset because everybody else in their life allowed this weird shit, allowed this weird behavior.
 You're the only one that don't accept this weird behavior.
 You want to see this weird behavior change.
 Only reason you probably you want to see this will behavior change because you change.
 You grew, you elevated, you evolved.
 So, of course you want other niggas around you to do the same thing.
 Because I remember like 2 years ago, I made a song.


TikTok

 I said, uh, You don't know how it felt.
 When you were trying to change, but everybody around you, want to stay the same.
 I was in Iran trying to do my, but you feel me?
 Like you don't know how it feels.
 Literally, when you trying to change, but everybody around you still want to stay the same.
 Like that shit is very detrimental to your growth, to your health, my nigga.
 Because it can drive you insane.
 It can drive you crazy.
 It can drive you to keep talking.
 Now you get into arguments and things of that nature just because niggas don't want to grow.
 Niggas don't want to change.


TikTok

 don't want to do better.
 Niggas don't want to be better.
 But, the people that done you wrong,
 I'm not going to say they've done you wrong for evil reason.
 Some people done you wrong because they thought it was just funny because they do shit to other people and everybody else just take it as a joke.
 And you don't be joking like that.
 But you are, you are a funny person, but, but it's different though.
 You don't joke how everybody else joke.
 You don't pull pranks and shit like that.
 Like, you wouldn't do shit like that.
 Like, you know, the most you would say is like, your big ass sweater or some shit.


TikTok

 That's the move she would say or, nigga, you ain't even getting no views.
 That's like, you're not going to take it further by doing pranks and doing bullshit again because that's not funny because I don't want nobody fuck with my shit.
 I'm not gonna fuck with shit.
 Like you know, like when niggas printing each other when they sleep, like, I don't fuck with you when you sleep, so don't fuck with me when I'm sleep.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, I'm cool about that check because I don't want to get.
 don't even want to get to that point, but that's need to handle there.
 Some people just thought it was funny to mess with you.
 Maybe because you show kindness, so they thought it was weakness.
 You show restraint.
 So they thought they can keep playing with you because, you know, somebody could do something to you and you don't respond or react, you just stay calm.


TikTok

 So they think, oh, he's weak, we can do it again.
 Know that doesn't mean you could do it again.
 Bitch, I'm just showing you my stream.
 I just I'm showing you.
 I't have to react to get nonsense.
 You probably want me to, so I can catch a DB around this motherfucker.
 Maybe I should start coming.
 I should start coming like Adrian Peterson around this motherfucker.
 I was supposed to come like him then.
 Fuck it.
 I don't know if Lashawn McCoy did it either, but I'm about to start plunging bitches back then. Now I'm just playing, I can't do that.
 Y'all seen that video?
 When the nigga, he was like, say it loud.
 He was like, I can't hear you say it, say it loud.
 I would have beat her ass.
 I don't know if everybody's seen that video, but I'm pretty sure y'all seen the niggas be on TikTok game.


TikTok

 But Another reason people, did you like this, is because they wasn't healed enough.
 They was too toxic.
 So they didn't know how to even.
 Uh, let's just say maintain the situation.
 They didn't know how to maintain a relationship because they wasn't used to a healthy connection.
 I don't want to say they're so sabotaged.
 They just had toxic patterns and they wasn't used to a healthy connection.
 You know what I'm saying?
 It's like they was, all their connections are contaminated with some evilness.
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Another reason people done me wrong.
 It's because you're just a great person.
 And when you




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 23:45
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

God will show up and show you that God is there for you always and forever.
 In subtle ways, though.
 And I'm going to give you an example.
 Recently, I was just driving on the freeway, right?
 And as I'm driving, somebody looking me in the window.
 And uh, we're driving next to each other, and I'm just driving cruises, just being myself.
 And they just try to speed off, trying to race me. I'm like, motherfucker, am I trying to race you or whatever?
 And they're on a Tesla truck or whatever.
 And the next thing you know, I'm like, whatever.
 Next thing you know, a McLaren passes speed past them real fast.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Tesla couldn't even keep up.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But once that happened, it was just assigning me like, look, bro, look how quick God is quick to come in support, to humble individuals about you, to come in and show you that, yo, regardless of what it is that you're going through, whatever it is, you may put it to the side and be like, whatever.
 I'm not tripping.
 But God's like, nah, I got your back.
 I'm a humble.
 I'm a come through.


TikTok

 I'm a pull up.
 I'm gonna show up, shine, and let these people let, whatever it is.
 No, that you can't be messed with.
 You know what I mean?
 Humbled that Tesla truck real quick.
 It's slow down.
 once that McLaren passed them up.
 Slow down.
 Yeah, humble yourself real quick.
 You know what I mean?
 Because God don't play about God's children when it's time to show for God's children.
 And I'm not even gonna lie.
 It felt so good because I didn't want to race the truck.


TikTok

 I didn't want to race the truck, but God came up and humbled and.


TikTok

truck for me in that McLaren.
 Yeah, real quick.
 I love you and contain the party with your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 I just protect you and just every... In layman terms.
 You are a natural born hustler.
 Flat like that.
 Literally, you are a an inspiring example of Someone who has a bounce back game that is so immaculate.


TikTok

 Like, you could be the example of someone who has gone from 1000s, having 1000s and 1000s of dollars, and then being brought back down to 100s and then bouncing straight back up.
 It's like, You're an impeccable hustler.
 And and it's flat like that.
 Like, you literally, literally are inspiring because your bounce back game is ridiculous.


TikTok

 Like, Like, you could be a part of any corporate team, any executive office, and you just know how to bring a team.
 Back up on the pedestal and I salute you for that.
 You inspire me.
 They just like that.
 Flat like that.
 In layman terms.
 I'm James Egan.
 I'm James Egan.
 I've done over 2000 DUI defense.


TikTok

 Where it gets delicious, where the truth starts bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 Yes, there's a force behind your...


Facebook

Stop scrolling.
 They have been.


Facebook

I am in complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know.


Microphone

Oh, what did you say?
 Boogie bong.


TikTok

Goodbye.
 They keep looking for your teacher in the light, but your real education happened in the darkness.
 While they were at seminars taking notes, you were in the trenches taking bullets, while they were reading success stories, you were writing survival stories with your own blood.
 While they were paying for wisdom, you were earning it through pure endurance.
 And that shadow that grew behind you through all that pain.


TikTok

 It wasn't just observing, it was learning, calculating.
 Preparing for this exact moment when you'd finally be ready to listen to what it had to say.
 Think about it.
 Every massive breakthrough you've had lately.
 Where did it really come from?
 Not from some book or podcast, but from that voice in your head at 3 AM that suddenly connected dots, you didn't even know existed.


TikTok

 That strategic move that blindsided everyone, it came from remembering exactly how someone blindsided you 5 years ago.
 and reverse engineering their tactics.
 That unshakable confidence that has them all shook.
 It's not for affirmations.
 It's from your shadow reminding you of every hell you've already survived, making everything else look like child's play.
 Let's go deeper into this midnight advisory board you've assembled without even realizing it.


TikTok

 Every ghost that haunts you has become a teacher.
 Every demon you've faced has become a trainer.
 Every moment of abandonment taught you self reliance.
 Every betrayal taught you pattern recognition.
 Every breakdown taught you breakthrough mechanics.
 You didn't hire consultants.
 You consulted your catastrophe.
 You didn't seek advisors.
 You advised with your adversities, and that's why your moves seem impossible to track, because they're being guided by intelligence gathered from places others have never been.


TikTok

 When they ask, who's helping you, they expect a name.
 A face, a LinkedIn profile.
 But how do you explain that your board of directors meets in your dream?
 How do you tell them your strategy set?
 The decision has been made.
 Here where it gets delicious, where the truth starts.
 bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 The decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.


TikTok

 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.
 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any remaining archons in the Milky Way, galaxy shall be escorted back to source light for reassembly at the sole level and shall exist as they were no more.


TikTok

 This is the prime duty of Archangel Michael, the Archons are what is called Satan.
 The devil and the dragon in Catholic Christianity.
 On Earth, my divine spear shall pierce them, and their place shall be found no more.
 I alone will stop them forever from stealing life force of any sentient being.
 This is my divine duty and my prime purpose.
 This will bring an end to all harm, being done to oneself.
 Another or another thing forevermore.


TikTok

 This sentence is by the decree of the angelic host and prime creator.
 It is a command of the holy ones that now, the kingdom of heaven, has come to the earth, and all those who seek it, the decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet.
 It's on grind, it's 2001.
 You are in your most abundant timeline.


TikTok

 Like, it's all good things happening for you, right?
 You going through your childhood tribulations?
 You faced your objection, betrayal, everything that has happened to you, everything that has happened in your life...
 It was a reason.
 And you are a living testimony.
 You are a rocking testimony.
 God, anything is possible.


TikTok

 Anything is possible.
 chosen with the fate at the most high, creative universe, which are angels, which are spirit guards, your ancestors, you are highly protected and highly favored.
 This is why you had a lot of people try to come against each other, because of who you are, because of what you came here to do, because of your mission.
 Keep on going.
 Don't ever give up.
 So I did a carpool for y'all, and then you got the, um, the 3 of cups uprights.


TikTok

 Some of y'all are celebrating.
 Friendships was coming in, collaboration, creativity, community happiness, as well as the lovers, I brought some of y'all could be coming into love, harmony, union, partnerships, all right?
 You got the Ace of Pinnacles upright, abundance.
 You are a manifester, you are manifesting at this time, opportunities is coming.
 You have new career or a financial opportunity.


TikTok

 You venture prosperity.
 So you guys are prospeering in every area of your life.
 It's prosperity in all areas of real life, children, as well as some of y'all can be saving money at the floor, a pinnacle that brought somebody else can be saving money.
 Okay, at this time, or I keep doing that, as well as the, um, for them, for your, for the ops.
 Okay, they got the, um, the Knight of Swords in reverse.
 They're restless, I'm focused, burnout, impulsive, no direction unpredictable.


TikTok

 Disregard for consequences.
 So these people right here, they have no direction, and they see that you have a direction.
 They says you're going somewhere, right?
 Um, yeah, burnt out.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Trying to come for you is just making them lose at the end of the day, right?
 So keep that in mind.
 But this is a collective message, all right?
 Has she?
 This is the moment you're supposed to be scared.


TikTok

 This is the moment where they all ganged up and they all talk bad about you.
 They launch missiles in the middle of the night like a bad war campaign.
 You're supposed to be scared.
 They hit nothing.
 They hit no shelter, they hit nothing.
 They did not hit your bunker.
 Matter of fact, you're not even in your bunker.
 You're on the top.
 Going, here I am.
 Shoot your best shot.
 They got the gang gang.
 They figured it would work.
 They all giggled.
 They all conspired against you.
 though you helped them out.
 They need a gang against you.


TikTok

 That's how powerful you are.
 They didn't come and show up by themselves.
 They knew what that would bring.
 They brought the gang, but the gang means nothing.
 Their campaign means nothing.
 Their smears mean nothing.
 You're it, baby.
 Confirmation in the background.
 It didn't work.
 It won't work.
 All praise to the most high in divine timing.
 I'll say.
 What did you do, gang?
 Because you just broke a curse that was plaguing your bloodline for generations and made this shit look like you was playing the game.


TikTok

 Understand, if you're seeing this video, you need to save it right now.
 You need to share it to your story right now because you're about to start playing with this shit.
 Like the game that it is and your bloodline is cheering for you because they didn't understand what you know now.
 And that's why you are finna be the motherfucking game master.
 You see reality for what it is now.
 Now, you understand that the free...


TikTok

see a poverty was placed on the energetic souls of the realm for a reason.
 Because the moment we start playing the game, how they play the game, the dynamic shifts all the way.
 And you're now shifting the dynamic in favor of the Chosen Souls in favor of the Most High.
 Because you're playing the game with the intention of getting people back into real reality.
 And that is why your bloodline is behind you cheering like the biggest crowd you could ever imagine.


TikTok

 And I'm not going to tell you what to do either.
 You know exactly what needs to be done.
 You know exactly how to do it.
 You know exactly when it needs to be done.
 And I love the fact that you're gonna see this video and and I'm talking directly to you.
 Ain't no motherfucking algorithm hack to get you to see this shit.
 You seeing this shit for a reason.
 Save it.
 Don't play with it.
 understand the universe gonna spank you because you know better.
 So it's your time to do better.


TikTok

 Pro ability to be good while you are alone and not need company.
 It's a superpower.
 This is a quick message.
 Chosen with the universe.
 Chosen one.
 A lot of y'all are in isolation right now.
 And a lot of y'all have, went celibate, not, you're not, uh, S the actual, uh, SE actually, uh, active.
 Be working on yourself.
 You don't talk to nobody on that phone.


TikTok

 You know, a lot of people don't got access to you.
 You're in isolation.
 literally.
 And... The thing is, Chosen One... A lot of people can't do what you're doing right now.
 A lot of people have to seek people, they need people, they need stimulation from external, uh, uh, external things, right?
 They need from other people, right?


TikTok

 They need that stimulation. They need that con, they need that conversation that that, that they need to see somebody else around it.
 They need a relationship.
 A lot of people can't do what you're doing, Chosen One.
 And the crazy thing about what you're doing is, you know, you've been doing it for a while now.
 And you're leveling up.
 You're starting to realize... Isolation is not a bad thing for you.
 You level them up.
 Well, chosen one?
 The way that you don't need a person, the way that you never need nobody.


TikTok

 The way that you are able to sustain mentally while being by yourself, the way that you are able to come up with routines, to level up your life, and to constantly think of new ways to, uh, boss up, chosen one is, it's a superpower, you know?
 And they say humor.
 Those in whether you posting or not.
 whether you posting or not, right?
 'Cause you could be doing this work within your community.


TikTok

 People see your light and gravitate to it.
 They want to know more, they want to know more, they want more information from you, right?
 Because we, as we all know, the frequency is rising on the planet Earth, right?
 Is rising.
 So, there's a collective out there that's going through spiritual awakenings, and they don't fully understand what's going on within themselves.


TikTok

 They don't understand, so, when they see you, when they see your light, they, they, they feel, they resonate, they resonate with your light.
 So they they gonna ask more questions.
 They're interested, very interested.
 So I say that to say, keep showing up.
 Keep showing up, keep shining your light, 'cause your light is bringing clarity.


TikTok

 to a lot of souls out there that need.
 You just a reminder.
 You just a confirmation to what's going on within themselves.
 So by you speaking, your truth, and you showing up in your life, is helping.
 So shine your light, shine your light, I shay, I shay, stay beautiful inside and out.
 Keep inspiring your nutters to become the best version of themselves.


TikTok

 Ah, Shay.
 They don't want you to be swaying the masters with the truth.
 They gotta get a hold on you, chosen ones.
 They gotta get a hold on your mind.
 You have to conform.
 You see, in order for you to be relevant in this world, people have to get paid.
 Palms have to be greased.
 And you don't get to get a top of the world and be someone unless someone gets paid.
 You gotta be able to be sacrificed.
 And that's why they have to stop you by all means necessary, children at once.


TikTok

 You're making a wave on me.
 People are talking your name.
 And the most high is gonna do it different this time.
 This time, the only one that's getting recognition is the most high die.
 All glory goes to the most high.
 Not to those hiding out in high places, pretending to be God.
 Only God is God.
 And those that fail to bear witness to the truth will feel around.
 This time, your message, your story, will be heard, and no one, no one will stop.


TikTok

 So keep keeping it real, because that's what's true.
 That's what's problem.
 I love you.
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved.
 Reaching across the vale to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit.
 Press like to add your light to our community.


TikTok

 Before you consider what lies ahead.
 You must understand the true meaning behind their departure.
 They did not leave you.
 They merely shed their earthly vessel.
 They said goodbye to the world's burdens, but your name, your essence, remained etched upon their soul.
 Their love for you transcends all boundaries.


TikTok

 Even that of life and death.
 Confirm your...
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved, reaching across the veil to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit, press like to add your light to our community.
 Before you consider what lies ahead, you must...


TikTok

 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells in absolute disarray and demonic counsels are in chaos in this hour, because after all the spiritual warfare, after every lie, every stair, and every single fiery dart that was launched against you, you're still standing.
 And what was meant to break, you only built you, says, God, and what was sent to destroy?
 You only drove you deeply into my presence.
 See, the weapons were real, but they failed, says God, because I am your defender.


TikTok

 Your shield, your rear guard, and I have covered you with my very hand, okay?
 And I erect you in my glory.
 Remember this.
 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells of absolute disarray and demonic.
 Oh, hey, hey, how you doing?
 Me?
 What am I doing?
 Oh, I'm just enjoying life.


TikTok

 I'm enjoying every moment.
 I'm not letting the downtimes get me.
 I'm enjoying the whole adventure.
 It makes when everything's great, it makes it even more official.
 It makes it even more better.
 It makes you feel even better, a deeper appreciation when things go bad, right?
 Because you know things will go right.
 And so you focus and you concentrate on the good times and on the good things that are coming for you and you just enjoy it.
 So me, I'm just enjoying my time, whether it seems good or bad, whether it's a high tide or a low tide.
 I know that when I reside with the most high, that my life is beautiful and things are great.


TikTok

 So me right now, I'm just enjoying my time, enjoying my time on this planet, on this realm with Mother Gaia, praising her for her thanks and her gratitude, the fresh fruits and vegetables she gives me, the strength she gives me.
 You know, in the days that I get to influence and help people, because I've been helped, because I've raised my Kundalini, and I'm just having a great time.
 So peace, love, and life.
 We're doing great today and tonight.
 Everything is well, everything will get even better.
 And then the good days, uh, soak it in because the bad days will come and the good days will come all in perspective, though.


TikTok

 So to me, they're all the same, but praise to the Most High, mountain after mountain.
 higher after higher.
 Let the ascension be inside you.
 Let the sensor take you to new dimensions.
 Don't forget, peace, love and light.
 Oh, shit.
 Oh, hey, oh, hey, hey, how you doing?


TikTok

 The decision has been made that the end of the old... old Earth and the beginning of the Golden Age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.


TikTok

 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posted...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posting videos because I've been working on my spiritual Bliss essential collection.
 Um, it's Spiritual Bliss essentials.com.


TikTok

 That's my online store.
 I gotta upload photos still, and I got a few more things to do with this new, uh, new product launch.
 They got cataracts.
 They got cataracts on their eyes.
 They cannot believe what they're seeing.


TikTok

 They cannot believe that you are still pushing forward.
 They gotta go to the eye doctor.
 They got to make an eye appointment.
 They really think something is wrong with their vision.
 Now, they calling the people that they had once upon a time as their audience.
 Now they're calling them.
 they won't answer their phone.
 Because now they see you too.


TikTok

 They won't even reply back to their text messages.
 Because they don't want no smoke.
 They see that you as a chosen one has risen above everything that was thrown at you.
 They don't want no more to do with it.
 They know that this is supernatural individual power.
 In complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take that.


TikTok

 How spooky you truly are to people, chosen them, were able to maneuver through it?
 Guilt fit, just like pain, like, ooh, I keep seeing 369, 369.
 I'm gonna do me better than you do, yo.
 Like, you know more than you lead on, and not just in this world, but in those other worlds, like people ask themselves, what are you?
 You gotta see things differently.
 People are just genuinely curious.
 TikTok.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, Yo, what's was done?
 You can't even be touched a little, but you can't even hurt your foot on a stone, and you continue to blow up.


TikTok

 Nice. You had to cry without any support.
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 Yo, the government agency, that's been monitoring you, the government agency, that's responsible for the reality.
 They want to act like it's from the past, and clearly people didn't take accountability TikTok.
 It might be harder than the average person 10 times, but on the flip side, your love is 10 times harder than everybody else.
 Oh, damn.
 TikTok sort of in back.
 You got the darkness, too.
 Chosen one.
 Okay, we're gonna play.


TikTok

 And that's because your energy and your energy don't fucking ask for respect and shit, okay?
 People whispered behind closed doors, or worse, right to his face, half dazzled and half terrified, wondering what he actually knew.
 Not just about the geography of this world.
 but about those other worlds pressing against the thin seams of the fabric.
 What are you?


TikTok

 You just now coming outside?
 They know.
 I am in complete control.
 You're saying, long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take time.
 And what I mean by individual power.
 They know that the Holy Spirit was within you.
 You were all alone in the physical, and they saw you wrong because they just thought that it was just you.


TikTok

 Because, you know, technically, scientifically, they say the vessel only runs by the heart.
 The brain, the lungs.
 The liver.
 Drink water.
 The organs, you know, they think that you're living off of the physical body, not




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 23:49
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

God will show up and show you that God is there for you always and forever.
 In subtle ways, though.
 And I'm going to give you an example.
 Recently, I was just driving on the freeway, right?
 And as I'm driving, somebody looking me in the window.
 And uh, we're driving next to each other, and I'm just driving cruises, just being myself.
 And they just try to speed off, trying to race me. I'm like, motherfucker, am I trying to race you or whatever?
 And they're on a Tesla truck or whatever.
 And the next thing you know, I'm like, whatever.
 Next thing you know, a McLaren passes speed past them real fast.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Tesla couldn't even keep up.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But once that happened, it was just assigning me like, look, bro, look how quick God is quick to come in support, to humble individuals about you, to come in and show you that, yo, regardless of what it is that you're going through, whatever it is, you may put it to the side and be like, whatever.
 I'm not tripping.
 But God's like, nah, I got your back.
 I'm a humble.
 I'm a come through.


TikTok

 I'm a pull up.
 I'm gonna show up, shine, and let these people let, whatever it is.
 No, that you can't be messed with.
 You know what I mean?
 Humbled that Tesla truck real quick.
 It's slow down.
 once that McLaren passed them up.
 Slow down.
 Yeah, humble yourself real quick.
 You know what I mean?
 Because God don't play about God's children when it's time to show for God's children.
 And I'm not even gonna lie.
 It felt so good because I didn't want to race the truck.


TikTok

 I didn't want to race the truck, but God came up and humbled and.


TikTok

truck for me in that McLaren.
 Yeah, real quick.
 I love you and contain the party with your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 I just protect you and just every... In layman terms.
 You are a natural born hustler.
 Flat like that.
 Literally, you are a an inspiring example of Someone who has a bounce back game that is so immaculate.


TikTok

 Like, you could be the example of someone who has gone from 1000s, having 1000s and 1000s of dollars, and then being brought back down to 100s and then bouncing straight back up.
 It's like, You're an impeccable hustler.
 And and it's flat like that.
 Like, you literally, literally are inspiring because your bounce back game is ridiculous.


TikTok

 Like, Like, you could be a part of any corporate team, any executive office, and you just know how to bring a team.
 Back up on the pedestal and I salute you for that.
 You inspire me.
 They just like that.
 Flat like that.
 In layman terms.
 I'm James Egan.
 I'm James Egan.
 I've done over 2000 DUI defense.


TikTok

 Where it gets delicious, where the truth starts bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 Yes, there's a force behind your...


Facebook

Stop scrolling.
 They have been.


Facebook

I am in complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know.


Microphone

Oh, what did you say?
 Boogie bong.


TikTok

Goodbye.
 They keep looking for your teacher in the light, but your real education happened in the darkness.
 While they were at seminars taking notes, you were in the trenches taking bullets, while they were reading success stories, you were writing survival stories with your own blood.
 While they were paying for wisdom, you were earning it through pure endurance.
 And that shadow that grew behind you through all that pain.


TikTok

 It wasn't just observing, it was learning, calculating.
 Preparing for this exact moment when you'd finally be ready to listen to what it had to say.
 Think about it.
 Every massive breakthrough you've had lately.
 Where did it really come from?
 Not from some book or podcast, but from that voice in your head at 3 AM that suddenly connected dots, you didn't even know existed.


TikTok

 That strategic move that blindsided everyone, it came from remembering exactly how someone blindsided you 5 years ago.
 and reverse engineering their tactics.
 That unshakable confidence that has them all shook.
 It's not for affirmations.
 It's from your shadow reminding you of every hell you've already survived, making everything else look like child's play.
 Let's go deeper into this midnight advisory board you've assembled without even realizing it.


TikTok

 Every ghost that haunts you has become a teacher.
 Every demon you've faced has become a trainer.
 Every moment of abandonment taught you self reliance.
 Every betrayal taught you pattern recognition.
 Every breakdown taught you breakthrough mechanics.
 You didn't hire consultants.
 You consulted your catastrophe.
 You didn't seek advisors.
 You advised with your adversities, and that's why your moves seem impossible to track, because they're being guided by intelligence gathered from places others have never been.


TikTok

 When they ask, who's helping you, they expect a name.
 A face, a LinkedIn profile.
 But how do you explain that your board of directors meets in your dream?
 How do you tell them your strategy set?
 The decision has been made.
 Here where it gets delicious, where the truth starts.
 bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 The decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.


TikTok

 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.
 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any remaining archons in the Milky Way, galaxy shall be escorted back to source light for reassembly at the sole level and shall exist as they were no more.


TikTok

 This is the prime duty of Archangel Michael, the Archons are what is called Satan.
 The devil and the dragon in Catholic Christianity.
 On Earth, my divine spear shall pierce them, and their place shall be found no more.
 I alone will stop them forever from stealing life force of any sentient being.
 This is my divine duty and my prime purpose.
 This will bring an end to all harm, being done to oneself.
 Another or another thing forevermore.


TikTok

 This sentence is by the decree of the angelic host and prime creator.
 It is a command of the holy ones that now, the kingdom of heaven, has come to the earth, and all those who seek it, the decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet.
 It's on grind, it's 2001.
 You are in your most abundant timeline.


TikTok

 Like, it's all good things happening for you, right?
 You going through your childhood tribulations?
 You faced your objection, betrayal, everything that has happened to you, everything that has happened in your life...
 It was a reason.
 And you are a living testimony.
 You are a rocking testimony.
 God, anything is possible.


TikTok

 Anything is possible.
 chosen with the fate at the most high, creative universe, which are angels, which are spirit guards, your ancestors, you are highly protected and highly favored.
 This is why you had a lot of people try to come against each other, because of who you are, because of what you came here to do, because of your mission.
 Keep on going.
 Don't ever give up.
 So I did a carpool for y'all, and then you got the, um, the 3 of cups uprights.


TikTok

 Some of y'all are celebrating.
 Friendships was coming in, collaboration, creativity, community happiness, as well as the lovers, I brought some of y'all could be coming into love, harmony, union, partnerships, all right?
 You got the Ace of Pinnacles upright, abundance.
 You are a manifester, you are manifesting at this time, opportunities is coming.
 You have new career or a financial opportunity.


TikTok

 You venture prosperity.
 So you guys are prospeering in every area of your life.
 It's prosperity in all areas of real life, children, as well as some of y'all can be saving money at the floor, a pinnacle that brought somebody else can be saving money.
 Okay, at this time, or I keep doing that, as well as the, um, for them, for your, for the ops.
 Okay, they got the, um, the Knight of Swords in reverse.
 They're restless, I'm focused, burnout, impulsive, no direction unpredictable.


TikTok

 Disregard for consequences.
 So these people right here, they have no direction, and they see that you have a direction.
 They says you're going somewhere, right?
 Um, yeah, burnt out.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Trying to come for you is just making them lose at the end of the day, right?
 So keep that in mind.
 But this is a collective message, all right?
 Has she?
 This is the moment you're supposed to be scared.


TikTok

 This is the moment where they all ganged up and they all talk bad about you.
 They launch missiles in the middle of the night like a bad war campaign.
 You're supposed to be scared.
 They hit nothing.
 They hit no shelter, they hit nothing.
 They did not hit your bunker.
 Matter of fact, you're not even in your bunker.
 You're on the top.
 Going, here I am.
 Shoot your best shot.
 They got the gang gang.
 They figured it would work.
 They all giggled.
 They all conspired against you.
 though you helped them out.
 They need a gang against you.


TikTok

 That's how powerful you are.
 They didn't come and show up by themselves.
 They knew what that would bring.
 They brought the gang, but the gang means nothing.
 Their campaign means nothing.
 Their smears mean nothing.
 You're it, baby.
 Confirmation in the background.
 It didn't work.
 It won't work.
 All praise to the most high in divine timing.
 I'll say.
 What did you do, gang?
 Because you just broke a curse that was plaguing your bloodline for generations and made this shit look like you was playing the game.


TikTok

 Understand, if you're seeing this video, you need to save it right now.
 You need to share it to your story right now because you're about to start playing with this shit.
 Like the game that it is and your bloodline is cheering for you because they didn't understand what you know now.
 And that's why you are finna be the motherfucking game master.
 You see reality for what it is now.
 Now, you understand that the free...


TikTok

see a poverty was placed on the energetic souls of the realm for a reason.
 Because the moment we start playing the game, how they play the game, the dynamic shifts all the way.
 And you're now shifting the dynamic in favor of the Chosen Souls in favor of the Most High.
 Because you're playing the game with the intention of getting people back into real reality.
 And that is why your bloodline is behind you cheering like the biggest crowd you could ever imagine.


TikTok

 And I'm not going to tell you what to do either.
 You know exactly what needs to be done.
 You know exactly how to do it.
 You know exactly when it needs to be done.
 And I love the fact that you're gonna see this video and and I'm talking directly to you.
 Ain't no motherfucking algorithm hack to get you to see this shit.
 You seeing this shit for a reason.
 Save it.
 Don't play with it.
 understand the universe gonna spank you because you know better.
 So it's your time to do better.


TikTok

 Pro ability to be good while you are alone and not need company.
 It's a superpower.
 This is a quick message.
 Chosen with the universe.
 Chosen one.
 A lot of y'all are in isolation right now.
 And a lot of y'all have, went celibate, not, you're not, uh, S the actual, uh, SE actually, uh, active.
 Be working on yourself.
 You don't talk to nobody on that phone.


TikTok

 You know, a lot of people don't got access to you.
 You're in isolation.
 literally.
 And... The thing is, Chosen One... A lot of people can't do what you're doing right now.
 A lot of people have to seek people, they need people, they need stimulation from external, uh, uh, external things, right?
 They need from other people, right?


TikTok

 They need that stimulation. They need that con, they need that conversation that that, that they need to see somebody else around it.
 They need a relationship.
 A lot of people can't do what you're doing, Chosen One.
 And the crazy thing about what you're doing is, you know, you've been doing it for a while now.
 And you're leveling up.
 You're starting to realize... Isolation is not a bad thing for you.
 You level them up.
 Well, chosen one?
 The way that you don't need a person, the way that you never need nobody.


TikTok

 The way that you are able to sustain mentally while being by yourself, the way that you are able to come up with routines, to level up your life, and to constantly think of new ways to, uh, boss up, chosen one is, it's a superpower, you know?
 And they say humor.
 Those in whether you posting or not.
 whether you posting or not, right?
 'Cause you could be doing this work within your community.


TikTok

 People see your light and gravitate to it.
 They want to know more, they want to know more, they want more information from you, right?
 Because we, as we all know, the frequency is rising on the planet Earth, right?
 Is rising.
 So, there's a collective out there that's going through spiritual awakenings, and they don't fully understand what's going on within themselves.


TikTok

 They don't understand, so, when they see you, when they see your light, they, they, they feel, they resonate, they resonate with your light.
 So they they gonna ask more questions.
 They're interested, very interested.
 So I say that to say, keep showing up.
 Keep showing up, keep shining your light, 'cause your light is bringing clarity.


TikTok

 to a lot of souls out there that need.
 You just a reminder.
 You just a confirmation to what's going on within themselves.
 So by you speaking, your truth, and you showing up in your life, is helping.
 So shine your light, shine your light, I shay, I shay, stay beautiful inside and out.
 Keep inspiring your nutters to become the best version of themselves.


TikTok

 Ah, Shay.
 They don't want you to be swaying the masters with the truth.
 They gotta get a hold on you, chosen ones.
 They gotta get a hold on your mind.
 You have to conform.
 You see, in order for you to be relevant in this world, people have to get paid.
 Palms have to be greased.
 And you don't get to get a top of the world and be someone unless someone gets paid.
 You gotta be able to be sacrificed.
 And that's why they have to stop you by all means necessary, children at once.


TikTok

 You're making a wave on me.
 People are talking your name.
 And the most high is gonna do it different this time.
 This time, the only one that's getting recognition is the most high die.
 All glory goes to the most high.
 Not to those hiding out in high places, pretending to be God.
 Only God is God.
 And those that fail to bear witness to the truth will feel around.
 This time, your message, your story, will be heard, and no one, no one will stop.


TikTok

 So keep keeping it real, because that's what's true.
 That's what's problem.
 I love you.
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved.
 Reaching across the vale to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit.
 Press like to add your light to our community.


TikTok

 Before you consider what lies ahead.
 You must understand the true meaning behind their departure.
 They did not leave you.
 They merely shed their earthly vessel.
 They said goodbye to the world's burdens, but your name, your essence, remained etched upon their soul.
 Their love for you transcends all boundaries.


TikTok

 Even that of life and death.
 Confirm your...
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved, reaching across the veil to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit, press like to add your light to our community.
 Before you consider what lies ahead, you must...


TikTok

 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells in absolute disarray and demonic counsels are in chaos in this hour, because after all the spiritual warfare, after every lie, every stair, and every single fiery dart that was launched against you, you're still standing.
 And what was meant to break, you only built you, says, God, and what was sent to destroy?
 You only drove you deeply into my presence.
 See, the weapons were real, but they failed, says God, because I am your defender.


TikTok

 Your shield, your rear guard, and I have covered you with my very hand, okay?
 And I erect you in my glory.
 Remember this.
 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells of absolute disarray and demonic.
 Oh, hey, hey, how you doing?
 Me?
 What am I doing?
 Oh, I'm just enjoying life.


TikTok

 I'm enjoying every moment.
 I'm not letting the downtimes get me.
 I'm enjoying the whole adventure.
 It makes when everything's great, it makes it even more official.
 It makes it even more better.
 It makes you feel even better, a deeper appreciation when things go bad, right?
 Because you know things will go right.
 And so you focus and you concentrate on the good times and on the good things that are coming for you and you just enjoy it.
 So me, I'm just enjoying my time, whether it seems good or bad, whether it's a high tide or a low tide.
 I know that when I reside with the most high, that my life is beautiful and things are great.


TikTok

 So me right now, I'm just enjoying my time, enjoying my time on this planet, on this realm with Mother Gaia, praising her for her thanks and her gratitude, the fresh fruits and vegetables she gives me, the strength she gives me.
 You know, in the days that I get to influence and help people, because I've been helped, because I've raised my Kundalini, and I'm just having a great time.
 So peace, love, and life.
 We're doing great today and tonight.
 Everything is well, everything will get even better.
 And then the good days, uh, soak it in because the bad days will come and the good days will come all in perspective, though.


TikTok

 So to me, they're all the same, but praise to the Most High, mountain after mountain.
 higher after higher.
 Let the ascension be inside you.
 Let the sensor take you to new dimensions.
 Don't forget, peace, love and light.
 Oh, shit.
 Oh, hey, oh, hey, hey, how you doing?


TikTok

 The decision has been made that the end of the old... old Earth and the beginning of the Golden Age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.


TikTok

 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posted...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posting videos because I've been working on my spiritual Bliss essential collection.
 Um, it's Spiritual Bliss essentials.com.


TikTok

 That's my online store.
 I gotta upload photos still, and I got a few more things to do with this new, uh, new product launch.
 They got cataracts.
 They got cataracts on their eyes.
 They cannot believe what they're seeing.


TikTok

 They cannot believe that you are still pushing forward.
 They gotta go to the eye doctor.
 They got to make an eye appointment.
 They really think something is wrong with their vision.
 Now, they calling the people that they had once upon a time as their audience.
 Now they're calling them.
 they won't answer their phone.
 Because now they see you too.


TikTok

 They won't even reply back to their text messages.
 Because they don't want no smoke.
 They see that you as a chosen one has risen above everything that was thrown at you.
 They don't want no more to do with it.
 They know that this is supernatural individual power.
 In complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take that.


TikTok

 How spooky you truly are to people, chosen them, were able to maneuver through it?
 Guilt fit, just like pain, like, ooh, I keep seeing 369, 369.
 I'm gonna do me better than you do, yo.
 Like, you know more than you lead on, and not just in this world, but in those other worlds, like people ask themselves, what are you?
 You gotta see things differently.
 People are just genuinely curious.
 TikTok.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, Yo, what's was done?
 You can't even be touched a little, but you can't even hurt your foot on a stone, and you continue to blow up.


TikTok

 Nice. You had to cry without any support.
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 Yo, the government agency, that's been monitoring you, the government agency, that's responsible for the reality.
 They want to act like it's from the past, and clearly people didn't take accountability TikTok.
 It might be harder than the average person 10 times, but on the flip side, your love is 10 times harder than everybody else.
 Oh, damn.
 TikTok sort of in back.
 You got the darkness, too.
 Chosen one.
 Okay, we're gonna play.


TikTok

 And that's because your energy and your energy don't fucking ask for respect and shit, okay?
 People whispered behind closed doors, or worse, right to his face, half dazzled and half terrified, wondering what he actually knew.
 Not just about the geography of this world.
 but about those other worlds pressing against the thin seams of the fabric.
 What are you?


TikTok

 You just now coming outside?
 They know.
 I am in complete control.
 You're saying, long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take time.
 And what I mean by individual power.
 They know that the Holy Spirit was within you.
 You were all alone in the physical, and they saw you wrong because they just thought that it was just you.


TikTok

 Because, you know, technically, scientifically, they say the vessel only runs by the heart.
 The brain, the lungs.
 The liver.
 Drink water.
 The organs, you know, they think that you're living off of the physical body, not knowing that there is a celestial body within.
 Which they have too, but they allow the vessel scientifically make them believe that the mind and the heart is the only reason why you're moving in your lungs.


TikTok

 You know, the little organs that come within.
 So now that there now that they know, That there's another power within the vessel.
 They got to go to the eye doctor.
 They cannot believe their eyes.
 They did not know that there was such a force within.
 You, me, and them.


TikTok

 Now, the calls ain't no more.
 The Facebook humiliations ain't no more.
 Now that they know that you are individually with another force within, which would be the Holy Spirit.
 Now, even though they pretend to still be non-believers, you best to believe they believe.


TikTok

 Now they don't know what to do.
 Because what they did, they can't take it back.
 They can't believe that they win against the very blessing.
 And now they're dealing with what they did.
 They can't take it back.
 So they're trying to run a game, a plot game up here.
 They're trying to come up with a plot twist, but there's no such thing.
 They did what they did.


TikTok

 Now, the only way they can undo it is repent to the most high God.
 It's the only way they can get free from all of this foolishness.
 And they know that they owe many apologies.
 That's why the people that they had as an audience, being a comedian on the stage, now, rather them, instead of them laughing with them, now they're being laughed at.
 Because everybody done pulled back.


TikTok

 Nobody wants no parts.
 Everybody went back to zombie mode.
 They don't even hold conversations with them like they used to.
 A lot of people see them and dodge them.
 A lot of people now holding group chats on them.
 Instead of you.
 Now and then, jam.
 of not knowing what to do, but I'm going to tell them what to do, because I know they're watching, and I know they listening.


TikTok

 They better get on their knees and repent to the most high God, but they still got to pay for what they done.
 Because they didn't come for us.
 They came for the most high God.
 that was trying to only bless them.
 But instead of receiving the blessings, They try to come with busting.
 busting up the very one that was gonna bless him and not knowing




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 23:52
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

God will show up and show you that God is there for you always and forever.
 In subtle ways, though.
 And I'm going to give you an example.
 Recently, I was just driving on the freeway, right?
 And as I'm driving, somebody looking me in the window.
 And uh, we're driving next to each other, and I'm just driving cruises, just being myself.
 And they just try to speed off, trying to race me. I'm like, motherfucker, am I trying to race you or whatever?
 And they're on a Tesla truck or whatever.
 And the next thing you know, I'm like, whatever.
 Next thing you know, a McLaren passes speed past them real fast.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Tesla couldn't even keep up.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But once that happened, it was just assigning me like, look, bro, look how quick God is quick to come in support, to humble individuals about you, to come in and show you that, yo, regardless of what it is that you're going through, whatever it is, you may put it to the side and be like, whatever.
 I'm not tripping.
 But God's like, nah, I got your back.
 I'm a humble.
 I'm a come through.


TikTok

 I'm a pull up.
 I'm gonna show up, shine, and let these people let, whatever it is.
 No, that you can't be messed with.
 You know what I mean?
 Humbled that Tesla truck real quick.
 It's slow down.
 once that McLaren passed them up.
 Slow down.
 Yeah, humble yourself real quick.
 You know what I mean?
 Because God don't play about God's children when it's time to show for God's children.
 And I'm not even gonna lie.
 It felt so good because I didn't want to race the truck.


TikTok

 I didn't want to race the truck, but God came up and humbled and.


TikTok

truck for me in that McLaren.
 Yeah, real quick.
 I love you and contain the party with your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 I just protect you and just every... In layman terms.
 You are a natural born hustler.
 Flat like that.
 Literally, you are a an inspiring example of Someone who has a bounce back game that is so immaculate.


TikTok

 Like, you could be the example of someone who has gone from 1000s, having 1000s and 1000s of dollars, and then being brought back down to 100s and then bouncing straight back up.
 It's like, You're an impeccable hustler.
 And and it's flat like that.
 Like, you literally, literally are inspiring because your bounce back game is ridiculous.


TikTok

 Like, Like, you could be a part of any corporate team, any executive office, and you just know how to bring a team.
 Back up on the pedestal and I salute you for that.
 You inspire me.
 They just like that.
 Flat like that.
 In layman terms.
 I'm James Egan.
 I'm James Egan.
 I've done over 2000 DUI defense.


TikTok

 Where it gets delicious, where the truth starts bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 Yes, there's a force behind your...


Facebook

Stop scrolling.
 They have been.


Facebook

I am in complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know.


Microphone

Oh, what did you say?
 Boogie bong.


TikTok

Goodbye.
 They keep looking for your teacher in the light, but your real education happened in the darkness.
 While they were at seminars taking notes, you were in the trenches taking bullets, while they were reading success stories, you were writing survival stories with your own blood.
 While they were paying for wisdom, you were earning it through pure endurance.
 And that shadow that grew behind you through all that pain.


TikTok

 It wasn't just observing, it was learning, calculating.
 Preparing for this exact moment when you'd finally be ready to listen to what it had to say.
 Think about it.
 Every massive breakthrough you've had lately.
 Where did it really come from?
 Not from some book or podcast, but from that voice in your head at 3 AM that suddenly connected dots, you didn't even know existed.


TikTok

 That strategic move that blindsided everyone, it came from remembering exactly how someone blindsided you 5 years ago.
 and reverse engineering their tactics.
 That unshakable confidence that has them all shook.
 It's not for affirmations.
 It's from your shadow reminding you of every hell you've already survived, making everything else look like child's play.
 Let's go deeper into this midnight advisory board you've assembled without even realizing it.


TikTok

 Every ghost that haunts you has become a teacher.
 Every demon you've faced has become a trainer.
 Every moment of abandonment taught you self reliance.
 Every betrayal taught you pattern recognition.
 Every breakdown taught you breakthrough mechanics.
 You didn't hire consultants.
 You consulted your catastrophe.
 You didn't seek advisors.
 You advised with your adversities, and that's why your moves seem impossible to track, because they're being guided by intelligence gathered from places others have never been.


TikTok

 When they ask, who's helping you, they expect a name.
 A face, a LinkedIn profile.
 But how do you explain that your board of directors meets in your dream?
 How do you tell them your strategy set?
 The decision has been made.
 Here where it gets delicious, where the truth starts.
 bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 The decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.


TikTok

 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.
 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any remaining archons in the Milky Way, galaxy shall be escorted back to source light for reassembly at the sole level and shall exist as they were no more.


TikTok

 This is the prime duty of Archangel Michael, the Archons are what is called Satan.
 The devil and the dragon in Catholic Christianity.
 On Earth, my divine spear shall pierce them, and their place shall be found no more.
 I alone will stop them forever from stealing life force of any sentient being.
 This is my divine duty and my prime purpose.
 This will bring an end to all harm, being done to oneself.
 Another or another thing forevermore.


TikTok

 This sentence is by the decree of the angelic host and prime creator.
 It is a command of the holy ones that now, the kingdom of heaven, has come to the earth, and all those who seek it, the decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet.
 It's on grind, it's 2001.
 You are in your most abundant timeline.


TikTok

 Like, it's all good things happening for you, right?
 You going through your childhood tribulations?
 You faced your objection, betrayal, everything that has happened to you, everything that has happened in your life...
 It was a reason.
 And you are a living testimony.
 You are a rocking testimony.
 God, anything is possible.


TikTok

 Anything is possible.
 chosen with the fate at the most high, creative universe, which are angels, which are spirit guards, your ancestors, you are highly protected and highly favored.
 This is why you had a lot of people try to come against each other, because of who you are, because of what you came here to do, because of your mission.
 Keep on going.
 Don't ever give up.
 So I did a carpool for y'all, and then you got the, um, the 3 of cups uprights.


TikTok

 Some of y'all are celebrating.
 Friendships was coming in, collaboration, creativity, community happiness, as well as the lovers, I brought some of y'all could be coming into love, harmony, union, partnerships, all right?
 You got the Ace of Pinnacles upright, abundance.
 You are a manifester, you are manifesting at this time, opportunities is coming.
 You have new career or a financial opportunity.


TikTok

 You venture prosperity.
 So you guys are prospeering in every area of your life.
 It's prosperity in all areas of real life, children, as well as some of y'all can be saving money at the floor, a pinnacle that brought somebody else can be saving money.
 Okay, at this time, or I keep doing that, as well as the, um, for them, for your, for the ops.
 Okay, they got the, um, the Knight of Swords in reverse.
 They're restless, I'm focused, burnout, impulsive, no direction unpredictable.


TikTok

 Disregard for consequences.
 So these people right here, they have no direction, and they see that you have a direction.
 They says you're going somewhere, right?
 Um, yeah, burnt out.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Trying to come for you is just making them lose at the end of the day, right?
 So keep that in mind.
 But this is a collective message, all right?
 Has she?
 This is the moment you're supposed to be scared.


TikTok

 This is the moment where they all ganged up and they all talk bad about you.
 They launch missiles in the middle of the night like a bad war campaign.
 You're supposed to be scared.
 They hit nothing.
 They hit no shelter, they hit nothing.
 They did not hit your bunker.
 Matter of fact, you're not even in your bunker.
 You're on the top.
 Going, here I am.
 Shoot your best shot.
 They got the gang gang.
 They figured it would work.
 They all giggled.
 They all conspired against you.
 though you helped them out.
 They need a gang against you.


TikTok

 That's how powerful you are.
 They didn't come and show up by themselves.
 They knew what that would bring.
 They brought the gang, but the gang means nothing.
 Their campaign means nothing.
 Their smears mean nothing.
 You're it, baby.
 Confirmation in the background.
 It didn't work.
 It won't work.
 All praise to the most high in divine timing.
 I'll say.
 What did you do, gang?
 Because you just broke a curse that was plaguing your bloodline for generations and made this shit look like you was playing the game.


TikTok

 Understand, if you're seeing this video, you need to save it right now.
 You need to share it to your story right now because you're about to start playing with this shit.
 Like the game that it is and your bloodline is cheering for you because they didn't understand what you know now.
 And that's why you are finna be the motherfucking game master.
 You see reality for what it is now.
 Now, you understand that the free...


TikTok

see a poverty was placed on the energetic souls of the realm for a reason.
 Because the moment we start playing the game, how they play the game, the dynamic shifts all the way.
 And you're now shifting the dynamic in favor of the Chosen Souls in favor of the Most High.
 Because you're playing the game with the intention of getting people back into real reality.
 And that is why your bloodline is behind you cheering like the biggest crowd you could ever imagine.


TikTok

 And I'm not going to tell you what to do either.
 You know exactly what needs to be done.
 You know exactly how to do it.
 You know exactly when it needs to be done.
 And I love the fact that you're gonna see this video and and I'm talking directly to you.
 Ain't no motherfucking algorithm hack to get you to see this shit.
 You seeing this shit for a reason.
 Save it.
 Don't play with it.
 understand the universe gonna spank you because you know better.
 So it's your time to do better.


TikTok

 Pro ability to be good while you are alone and not need company.
 It's a superpower.
 This is a quick message.
 Chosen with the universe.
 Chosen one.
 A lot of y'all are in isolation right now.
 And a lot of y'all have, went celibate, not, you're not, uh, S the actual, uh, SE actually, uh, active.
 Be working on yourself.
 You don't talk to nobody on that phone.


TikTok

 You know, a lot of people don't got access to you.
 You're in isolation.
 literally.
 And... The thing is, Chosen One... A lot of people can't do what you're doing right now.
 A lot of people have to seek people, they need people, they need stimulation from external, uh, uh, external things, right?
 They need from other people, right?


TikTok

 They need that stimulation. They need that con, they need that conversation that that, that they need to see somebody else around it.
 They need a relationship.
 A lot of people can't do what you're doing, Chosen One.
 And the crazy thing about what you're doing is, you know, you've been doing it for a while now.
 And you're leveling up.
 You're starting to realize... Isolation is not a bad thing for you.
 You level them up.
 Well, chosen one?
 The way that you don't need a person, the way that you never need nobody.


TikTok

 The way that you are able to sustain mentally while being by yourself, the way that you are able to come up with routines, to level up your life, and to constantly think of new ways to, uh, boss up, chosen one is, it's a superpower, you know?
 And they say humor.
 Those in whether you posting or not.
 whether you posting or not, right?
 'Cause you could be doing this work within your community.


TikTok

 People see your light and gravitate to it.
 They want to know more, they want to know more, they want more information from you, right?
 Because we, as we all know, the frequency is rising on the planet Earth, right?
 Is rising.
 So, there's a collective out there that's going through spiritual awakenings, and they don't fully understand what's going on within themselves.


TikTok

 They don't understand, so, when they see you, when they see your light, they, they, they feel, they resonate, they resonate with your light.
 So they they gonna ask more questions.
 They're interested, very interested.
 So I say that to say, keep showing up.
 Keep showing up, keep shining your light, 'cause your light is bringing clarity.


TikTok

 to a lot of souls out there that need.
 You just a reminder.
 You just a confirmation to what's going on within themselves.
 So by you speaking, your truth, and you showing up in your life, is helping.
 So shine your light, shine your light, I shay, I shay, stay beautiful inside and out.
 Keep inspiring your nutters to become the best version of themselves.


TikTok

 Ah, Shay.
 They don't want you to be swaying the masters with the truth.
 They gotta get a hold on you, chosen ones.
 They gotta get a hold on your mind.
 You have to conform.
 You see, in order for you to be relevant in this world, people have to get paid.
 Palms have to be greased.
 And you don't get to get a top of the world and be someone unless someone gets paid.
 You gotta be able to be sacrificed.
 And that's why they have to stop you by all means necessary, children at once.


TikTok

 You're making a wave on me.
 People are talking your name.
 And the most high is gonna do it different this time.
 This time, the only one that's getting recognition is the most high die.
 All glory goes to the most high.
 Not to those hiding out in high places, pretending to be God.
 Only God is God.
 And those that fail to bear witness to the truth will feel around.
 This time, your message, your story, will be heard, and no one, no one will stop.


TikTok

 So keep keeping it real, because that's what's true.
 That's what's problem.
 I love you.
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved.
 Reaching across the vale to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit.
 Press like to add your light to our community.


TikTok

 Before you consider what lies ahead.
 You must understand the true meaning behind their departure.
 They did not leave you.
 They merely shed their earthly vessel.
 They said goodbye to the world's burdens, but your name, your essence, remained etched upon their soul.
 Their love for you transcends all boundaries.


TikTok

 Even that of life and death.
 Confirm your...
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved, reaching across the veil to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit, press like to add your light to our community.
 Before you consider what lies ahead, you must...


TikTok

 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells in absolute disarray and demonic counsels are in chaos in this hour, because after all the spiritual warfare, after every lie, every stair, and every single fiery dart that was launched against you, you're still standing.
 And what was meant to break, you only built you, says, God, and what was sent to destroy?
 You only drove you deeply into my presence.
 See, the weapons were real, but they failed, says God, because I am your defender.


TikTok

 Your shield, your rear guard, and I have covered you with my very hand, okay?
 And I erect you in my glory.
 Remember this.
 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells of absolute disarray and demonic.
 Oh, hey, hey, how you doing?
 Me?
 What am I doing?
 Oh, I'm just enjoying life.


TikTok

 I'm enjoying every moment.
 I'm not letting the downtimes get me.
 I'm enjoying the whole adventure.
 It makes when everything's great, it makes it even more official.
 It makes it even more better.
 It makes you feel even better, a deeper appreciation when things go bad, right?
 Because you know things will go right.
 And so you focus and you concentrate on the good times and on the good things that are coming for you and you just enjoy it.
 So me, I'm just enjoying my time, whether it seems good or bad, whether it's a high tide or a low tide.
 I know that when I reside with the most high, that my life is beautiful and things are great.


TikTok

 So me right now, I'm just enjoying my time, enjoying my time on this planet, on this realm with Mother Gaia, praising her for her thanks and her gratitude, the fresh fruits and vegetables she gives me, the strength she gives me.
 You know, in the days that I get to influence and help people, because I've been helped, because I've raised my Kundalini, and I'm just having a great time.
 So peace, love, and life.
 We're doing great today and tonight.
 Everything is well, everything will get even better.
 And then the good days, uh, soak it in because the bad days will come and the good days will come all in perspective, though.


TikTok

 So to me, they're all the same, but praise to the Most High, mountain after mountain.
 higher after higher.
 Let the ascension be inside you.
 Let the sensor take you to new dimensions.
 Don't forget, peace, love and light.
 Oh, shit.
 Oh, hey, oh, hey, hey, how you doing?


TikTok

 The decision has been made that the end of the old... old Earth and the beginning of the Golden Age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.


TikTok

 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posted...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posting videos because I've been working on my spiritual Bliss essential collection.
 Um, it's Spiritual Bliss essentials.com.


TikTok

 That's my online store.
 I gotta upload photos still, and I got a few more things to do with this new, uh, new product launch.
 They got cataracts.
 They got cataracts on their eyes.
 They cannot believe what they're seeing.


TikTok

 They cannot believe that you are still pushing forward.
 They gotta go to the eye doctor.
 They got to make an eye appointment.
 They really think something is wrong with their vision.
 Now, they calling the people that they had once upon a time as their audience.
 Now they're calling them.
 they won't answer their phone.
 Because now they see you too.


TikTok

 They won't even reply back to their text messages.
 Because they don't want no smoke.
 They see that you as a chosen one has risen above everything that was thrown at you.
 They don't want no more to do with it.
 They know that this is supernatural individual power.
 In complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take that.


TikTok

 How spooky you truly are to people, chosen them, were able to maneuver through it?
 Guilt fit, just like pain, like, ooh, I keep seeing 369, 369.
 I'm gonna do me better than you do, yo.
 Like, you know more than you lead on, and not just in this world, but in those other worlds, like people ask themselves, what are you?
 You gotta see things differently.
 People are just genuinely curious.
 TikTok.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, Yo, what's was done?
 You can't even be touched a little, but you can't even hurt your foot on a stone, and you continue to blow up.


TikTok

 Nice. You had to cry without any support.
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 Yo, the government agency, that's been monitoring you, the government agency, that's responsible for the reality.
 They want to act like it's from the past, and clearly people didn't take accountability TikTok.
 It might be harder than the average person 10 times, but on the flip side, your love is 10 times harder than everybody else.
 Oh, damn.
 TikTok sort of in back.
 You got the darkness, too.
 Chosen one.
 Okay, we're gonna play.


TikTok

 And that's because your energy and your energy don't fucking ask for respect and shit, okay?
 People whispered behind closed doors, or worse, right to his face, half dazzled and half terrified, wondering what he actually knew.
 Not just about the geography of this world.
 but about those other worlds pressing against the thin seams of the fabric.
 What are you?


TikTok

 You just now coming outside?
 They know.
 I am in complete control.
 You're saying, long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take time.
 And what I mean by individual power.
 They know that the Holy Spirit was within you.
 You were all alone in the physical, and they saw you wrong because they just thought that it was just you.


TikTok

 Because, you know, technically, scientifically, they say the vessel only runs by the heart.
 The brain, the lungs.
 The liver.
 Drink water.
 The organs, you know, they think that you're living off of the physical body, not knowing that there is a celestial body within.
 Which they have too, but they allow the vessel scientifically make them believe that the mind and the heart is the only reason why you're moving in your lungs.


TikTok

 You know, the little organs that come within.
 So now that there now that they know, That there's another power within the vessel.
 They got to go to the eye doctor.
 They cannot believe their eyes.
 They did not know that there was such a force within.
 You, me, and them.


TikTok

 Now, the calls ain't no more.
 The Facebook humiliations ain't no more.
 Now that they know that you are individually with another force within, which would be the Holy Spirit.
 Now, even though they pretend to still be non-believers, you best to believe they believe.


TikTok

 Now they don't know what to do.
 Because what they did, they can't take it back.
 They can't believe that they win against the very blessing.
 And now they're dealing with what they did.
 They can't take it back.
 So they're trying to run a game, a plot game up here.
 They're trying to come up with a plot twist, but there's no such thing.
 They did what they did.


TikTok

 Now, the only way they can undo it is repent to the most high God.
 It's the only way they can get free from all of this foolishness.
 And they know that they owe many apologies.
 That's why the people that they had as an audience, being a comedian on the stage, now, rather them, instead of them laughing with them, now they're being laughed at.
 Because everybody done pulled back.


TikTok

 Nobody wants no parts.
 Everybody went back to zombie mode.
 They don't even hold conversations with them like they used to.
 A lot of people see them and dodge them.
 A lot of people now holding group chats on them.
 Instead of you.
 Now and then, jam.
 of not knowing what to do, but I'm going to tell them what to do, because I know they're watching, and I know they listening.


TikTok

 They better get on their knees and repent to the most high God, but they still got to pay for what they done.
 Because they didn't come for us.
 They came for the most high God.
 that was trying to only bless them.
 But instead of receiving the blessings, They try to come with busting.
 Busting up the very one that was gonna bless them and not knowing that they could not bust nothing down when it come to the most high God.


TikTok

 Now they bust it.
 Y'all be blessed.
 You know how many people are lurking in your life? Looking at every Facebook post, everything you do, but they won't comment and they won't press the light button.
 Today be kind of strange, beautiful soul.
 Today they've been kind of strange, but it's clarifying the change as at hand, beautiful.
 So today I ran into a car.
 that was at a light.


TikTok

 And I'm gonna show you an example of that, as well.
 This car was at a light, and it was running, but nobody was in it, but it was holding up traffic.
 That was the first weird thing I experienced today.
 Check this out.
 The next thing I experienced, I was going to the store to get something.
 And I walked past the store to go to Kroger's.


TikTok

 I woke past the store to go to Kroger's, and I came back out the store, and I walked past the same places, and all of a sudden, it was this man just laying on the ground, this hot ground.
 Like normally I don't, when I, when I, when I go to the store and when I walk, or walk past the, walk past the store, I don't, but today, this man was just laying on the ground, I'm gonna show you an example of that too.
 Just laying there.
 Mind you, I seen this man before walking around, but today was the first time I ever seen him just laying there.


TikTok

 Check this out.
 Listen.
 We in a major transition.
 I know they said, through astrology, that shadow is right...
 I said shadow.
 Saturn is retrograde right now.
 It's Aries.


TikTok

 I'm not really big on astrology, but I study it to a certain extent, because it all makes, it all makes sense.
 It's all connected.
 It's just people talk about guys in them .
many forms, not just one.
 But I know these things are happening because it's a major transition at hand.
 Anybody, check this out.
 I wanted to show you that, 'cause there's some people on one of them, like...


TikTok

 Them...
 I think is called, like, drinking on wheels or something.
 Everybody, like, and they playing music, they celebrate.
 They celebrate.
 And when I say it's a major change change at hand, is for the good, for




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-26 23:55
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

God will show up and show you that God is there for you always and forever.
 In subtle ways, though.
 And I'm going to give you an example.
 Recently, I was just driving on the freeway, right?
 And as I'm driving, somebody looking me in the window.
 And uh, we're driving next to each other, and I'm just driving cruises, just being myself.
 And they just try to speed off, trying to race me. I'm like, motherfucker, am I trying to race you or whatever?
 And they're on a Tesla truck or whatever.
 And the next thing you know, I'm like, whatever.
 Next thing you know, a McLaren passes speed past them real fast.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Tesla couldn't even keep up.
 You know what I'm saying?
 But once that happened, it was just assigning me like, look, bro, look how quick God is quick to come in support, to humble individuals about you, to come in and show you that, yo, regardless of what it is that you're going through, whatever it is, you may put it to the side and be like, whatever.
 I'm not tripping.
 But God's like, nah, I got your back.
 I'm a humble.
 I'm a come through.


TikTok

 I'm a pull up.
 I'm gonna show up, shine, and let these people let, whatever it is.
 No, that you can't be messed with.
 You know what I mean?
 Humbled that Tesla truck real quick.
 It's slow down.
 once that McLaren passed them up.
 Slow down.
 Yeah, humble yourself real quick.
 You know what I mean?
 Because God don't play about God's children when it's time to show for God's children.
 And I'm not even gonna lie.
 It felt so good because I didn't want to race the truck.


TikTok

 I didn't want to race the truck, but God came up and humbled and.


TikTok

truck for me in that McLaren.
 Yeah, real quick.
 I love you and contain the party with your dreams.
 You deserve it.
 I just protect you and just every... In layman terms.
 You are a natural born hustler.
 Flat like that.
 Literally, you are a an inspiring example of Someone who has a bounce back game that is so immaculate.


TikTok

 Like, you could be the example of someone who has gone from 1000s, having 1000s and 1000s of dollars, and then being brought back down to 100s and then bouncing straight back up.
 It's like, You're an impeccable hustler.
 And and it's flat like that.
 Like, you literally, literally are inspiring because your bounce back game is ridiculous.


TikTok

 Like, Like, you could be a part of any corporate team, any executive office, and you just know how to bring a team.
 Back up on the pedestal and I salute you for that.
 You inspire me.
 They just like that.
 Flat like that.
 In layman terms.
 I'm James Egan.
 I'm James Egan.
 I've done over 2000 DUI defense.


TikTok

 Where it gets delicious, where the truth starts bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 Yes, there's a force behind your...


Facebook

Stop scrolling.
 They have been.


Facebook

I am in complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know.


Microphone

Oh, what did you say?
 Boogie bong.


TikTok

Goodbye.
 They keep looking for your teacher in the light, but your real education happened in the darkness.
 While they were at seminars taking notes, you were in the trenches taking bullets, while they were reading success stories, you were writing survival stories with your own blood.
 While they were paying for wisdom, you were earning it through pure endurance.
 And that shadow that grew behind you through all that pain.


TikTok

 It wasn't just observing, it was learning, calculating.
 Preparing for this exact moment when you'd finally be ready to listen to what it had to say.
 Think about it.
 Every massive breakthrough you've had lately.
 Where did it really come from?
 Not from some book or podcast, but from that voice in your head at 3 AM that suddenly connected dots, you didn't even know existed.


TikTok

 That strategic move that blindsided everyone, it came from remembering exactly how someone blindsided you 5 years ago.
 and reverse engineering their tactics.
 That unshakable confidence that has them all shook.
 It's not for affirmations.
 It's from your shadow reminding you of every hell you've already survived, making everything else look like child's play.
 Let's go deeper into this midnight advisory board you've assembled without even realizing it.


TikTok

 Every ghost that haunts you has become a teacher.
 Every demon you've faced has become a trainer.
 Every moment of abandonment taught you self reliance.
 Every betrayal taught you pattern recognition.
 Every breakdown taught you breakthrough mechanics.
 You didn't hire consultants.
 You consulted your catastrophe.
 You didn't seek advisors.
 You advised with your adversities, and that's why your moves seem impossible to track, because they're being guided by intelligence gathered from places others have never been.


TikTok

 When they ask, who's helping you, they expect a name.
 A face, a LinkedIn profile.
 But how do you explain that your board of directors meets in your dream?
 How do you tell them your strategy set?
 The decision has been made.
 Here where it gets delicious, where the truth starts.
 bleeding through the cracks of their assumptions.
 Yes, someone is helping you.
 The decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.


TikTok

 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.
 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any remaining archons in the Milky Way, galaxy shall be escorted back to source light for reassembly at the sole level and shall exist as they were no more.


TikTok

 This is the prime duty of Archangel Michael, the Archons are what is called Satan.
 The devil and the dragon in Catholic Christianity.
 On Earth, my divine spear shall pierce them, and their place shall be found no more.
 I alone will stop them forever from stealing life force of any sentient being.
 This is my divine duty and my prime purpose.
 This will bring an end to all harm, being done to oneself.
 Another or another thing forevermore.


TikTok

 This sentence is by the decree of the angelic host and prime creator.
 It is a command of the holy ones that now, the kingdom of heaven, has come to the earth, and all those who seek it, the decision has been made that the end of the old earth and the beginning of the golden age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet.
 It's on grind, it's 2001.
 You are in your most abundant timeline.


TikTok

 Like, it's all good things happening for you, right?
 You going through your childhood tribulations?
 You faced your objection, betrayal, everything that has happened to you, everything that has happened in your life...
 It was a reason.
 And you are a living testimony.
 You are a rocking testimony.
 God, anything is possible.


TikTok

 Anything is possible.
 chosen with the fate at the most high, creative universe, which are angels, which are spirit guards, your ancestors, you are highly protected and highly favored.
 This is why you had a lot of people try to come against each other, because of who you are, because of what you came here to do, because of your mission.
 Keep on going.
 Don't ever give up.
 So I did a carpool for y'all, and then you got the, um, the 3 of cups uprights.


TikTok

 Some of y'all are celebrating.
 Friendships was coming in, collaboration, creativity, community happiness, as well as the lovers, I brought some of y'all could be coming into love, harmony, union, partnerships, all right?
 You got the Ace of Pinnacles upright, abundance.
 You are a manifester, you are manifesting at this time, opportunities is coming.
 You have new career or a financial opportunity.


TikTok

 You venture prosperity.
 So you guys are prospeering in every area of your life.
 It's prosperity in all areas of real life, children, as well as some of y'all can be saving money at the floor, a pinnacle that brought somebody else can be saving money.
 Okay, at this time, or I keep doing that, as well as the, um, for them, for your, for the ops.
 Okay, they got the, um, the Knight of Swords in reverse.
 They're restless, I'm focused, burnout, impulsive, no direction unpredictable.


TikTok

 Disregard for consequences.
 So these people right here, they have no direction, and they see that you have a direction.
 They says you're going somewhere, right?
 Um, yeah, burnt out.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Trying to come for you is just making them lose at the end of the day, right?
 So keep that in mind.
 But this is a collective message, all right?
 Has she?
 This is the moment you're supposed to be scared.


TikTok

 This is the moment where they all ganged up and they all talk bad about you.
 They launch missiles in the middle of the night like a bad war campaign.
 You're supposed to be scared.
 They hit nothing.
 They hit no shelter, they hit nothing.
 They did not hit your bunker.
 Matter of fact, you're not even in your bunker.
 You're on the top.
 Going, here I am.
 Shoot your best shot.
 They got the gang gang.
 They figured it would work.
 They all giggled.
 They all conspired against you.
 though you helped them out.
 They need a gang against you.


TikTok

 That's how powerful you are.
 They didn't come and show up by themselves.
 They knew what that would bring.
 They brought the gang, but the gang means nothing.
 Their campaign means nothing.
 Their smears mean nothing.
 You're it, baby.
 Confirmation in the background.
 It didn't work.
 It won't work.
 All praise to the most high in divine timing.
 I'll say.
 What did you do, gang?
 Because you just broke a curse that was plaguing your bloodline for generations and made this shit look like you was playing the game.


TikTok

 Understand, if you're seeing this video, you need to save it right now.
 You need to share it to your story right now because you're about to start playing with this shit.
 Like the game that it is and your bloodline is cheering for you because they didn't understand what you know now.
 And that's why you are finna be the motherfucking game master.
 You see reality for what it is now.
 Now, you understand that the free...


TikTok

see a poverty was placed on the energetic souls of the realm for a reason.
 Because the moment we start playing the game, how they play the game, the dynamic shifts all the way.
 And you're now shifting the dynamic in favor of the Chosen Souls in favor of the Most High.
 Because you're playing the game with the intention of getting people back into real reality.
 And that is why your bloodline is behind you cheering like the biggest crowd you could ever imagine.


TikTok

 And I'm not going to tell you what to do either.
 You know exactly what needs to be done.
 You know exactly how to do it.
 You know exactly when it needs to be done.
 And I love the fact that you're gonna see this video and and I'm talking directly to you.
 Ain't no motherfucking algorithm hack to get you to see this shit.
 You seeing this shit for a reason.
 Save it.
 Don't play with it.
 understand the universe gonna spank you because you know better.
 So it's your time to do better.


TikTok

 Pro ability to be good while you are alone and not need company.
 It's a superpower.
 This is a quick message.
 Chosen with the universe.
 Chosen one.
 A lot of y'all are in isolation right now.
 And a lot of y'all have, went celibate, not, you're not, uh, S the actual, uh, SE actually, uh, active.
 Be working on yourself.
 You don't talk to nobody on that phone.


TikTok

 You know, a lot of people don't got access to you.
 You're in isolation.
 literally.
 And... The thing is, Chosen One... A lot of people can't do what you're doing right now.
 A lot of people have to seek people, they need people, they need stimulation from external, uh, uh, external things, right?
 They need from other people, right?


TikTok

 They need that stimulation. They need that con, they need that conversation that that, that they need to see somebody else around it.
 They need a relationship.
 A lot of people can't do what you're doing, Chosen One.
 And the crazy thing about what you're doing is, you know, you've been doing it for a while now.
 And you're leveling up.
 You're starting to realize... Isolation is not a bad thing for you.
 You level them up.
 Well, chosen one?
 The way that you don't need a person, the way that you never need nobody.


TikTok

 The way that you are able to sustain mentally while being by yourself, the way that you are able to come up with routines, to level up your life, and to constantly think of new ways to, uh, boss up, chosen one is, it's a superpower, you know?
 And they say humor.
 Those in whether you posting or not.
 whether you posting or not, right?
 'Cause you could be doing this work within your community.


TikTok

 People see your light and gravitate to it.
 They want to know more, they want to know more, they want more information from you, right?
 Because we, as we all know, the frequency is rising on the planet Earth, right?
 Is rising.
 So, there's a collective out there that's going through spiritual awakenings, and they don't fully understand what's going on within themselves.


TikTok

 They don't understand, so, when they see you, when they see your light, they, they, they feel, they resonate, they resonate with your light.
 So they they gonna ask more questions.
 They're interested, very interested.
 So I say that to say, keep showing up.
 Keep showing up, keep shining your light, 'cause your light is bringing clarity.


TikTok

 to a lot of souls out there that need.
 You just a reminder.
 You just a confirmation to what's going on within themselves.
 So by you speaking, your truth, and you showing up in your life, is helping.
 So shine your light, shine your light, I shay, I shay, stay beautiful inside and out.
 Keep inspiring your nutters to become the best version of themselves.


TikTok

 Ah, Shay.
 They don't want you to be swaying the masters with the truth.
 They gotta get a hold on you, chosen ones.
 They gotta get a hold on your mind.
 You have to conform.
 You see, in order for you to be relevant in this world, people have to get paid.
 Palms have to be greased.
 And you don't get to get a top of the world and be someone unless someone gets paid.
 You gotta be able to be sacrificed.
 And that's why they have to stop you by all means necessary, children at once.


TikTok

 You're making a wave on me.
 People are talking your name.
 And the most high is gonna do it different this time.
 This time, the only one that's getting recognition is the most high die.
 All glory goes to the most high.
 Not to those hiding out in high places, pretending to be God.
 Only God is God.
 And those that fail to bear witness to the truth will feel around.
 This time, your message, your story, will be heard, and no one, no one will stop.


TikTok

 So keep keeping it real, because that's what's true.
 That's what's problem.
 I love you.
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved.
 Reaching across the vale to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit.
 Press like to add your light to our community.


TikTok

 Before you consider what lies ahead.
 You must understand the true meaning behind their departure.
 They did not leave you.
 They merely shed their earthly vessel.
 They said goodbye to the world's burdens, but your name, your essence, remained etched upon their soul.
 Their love for you transcends all boundaries.


TikTok

 Even that of life and death.
 Confirm your...
 These were not random feelings, my child.
 These were echoes, soft touches from the one you loved, reaching across the veil to prepare you for this very moment.
 They are here with us now, in spirit, press like to add your light to our community.
 Before you consider what lies ahead, you must...


TikTok

 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells in absolute disarray and demonic counsels are in chaos in this hour, because after all the spiritual warfare, after every lie, every stair, and every single fiery dart that was launched against you, you're still standing.
 And what was meant to break, you only built you, says, God, and what was sent to destroy?
 You only drove you deeply into my presence.
 See, the weapons were real, but they failed, says God, because I am your defender.


TikTok

 Your shield, your rear guard, and I have covered you with my very hand, okay?
 And I erect you in my glory.
 Remember this.
 The enemy is absolutely, positively confused.
 How are you still standing?
 Hells of absolute disarray and demonic.
 Oh, hey, hey, how you doing?
 Me?
 What am I doing?
 Oh, I'm just enjoying life.


TikTok

 I'm enjoying every moment.
 I'm not letting the downtimes get me.
 I'm enjoying the whole adventure.
 It makes when everything's great, it makes it even more official.
 It makes it even more better.
 It makes you feel even better, a deeper appreciation when things go bad, right?
 Because you know things will go right.
 And so you focus and you concentrate on the good times and on the good things that are coming for you and you just enjoy it.
 So me, I'm just enjoying my time, whether it seems good or bad, whether it's a high tide or a low tide.
 I know that when I reside with the most high, that my life is beautiful and things are great.


TikTok

 So me right now, I'm just enjoying my time, enjoying my time on this planet, on this realm with Mother Gaia, praising her for her thanks and her gratitude, the fresh fruits and vegetables she gives me, the strength she gives me.
 You know, in the days that I get to influence and help people, because I've been helped, because I've raised my Kundalini, and I'm just having a great time.
 So peace, love, and life.
 We're doing great today and tonight.
 Everything is well, everything will get even better.
 And then the good days, uh, soak it in because the bad days will come and the good days will come all in perspective, though.


TikTok

 So to me, they're all the same, but praise to the Most High, mountain after mountain.
 higher after higher.
 Let the ascension be inside you.
 Let the sensor take you to new dimensions.
 Don't forget, peace, love and light.
 Oh, shit.
 Oh, hey, oh, hey, hey, how you doing?


TikTok

 The decision has been made that the end of the old... old Earth and the beginning of the Golden Age has now come.
 This time will be fully complete.
 The end of the current ascension project for Planet Earth shall now be made complete.
 Furthermore, it has been established that the two stranded DNA human and the 5 plus stranded human angel shall no longer occupy the same space at the same time.
 For this purpose, two divisional timeline realities have been created for each group to exist in, to avoid increasing vibrational chaos.


TikTok

 It is also established in this decree by the holy archangels that any...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posted...
 Happy Sunday.
 So I'm gonna do a unicorn card of the day.
 I haven't been posting videos because I've been working on my spiritual Bliss essential collection.
 Um, it's Spiritual Bliss essentials.com.


TikTok

 That's my online store.
 I gotta upload photos still, and I got a few more things to do with this new, uh, new product launch.
 They got cataracts.
 They got cataracts on their eyes.
 They cannot believe what they're seeing.


TikTok

 They cannot believe that you are still pushing forward.
 They gotta go to the eye doctor.
 They got to make an eye appointment.
 They really think something is wrong with their vision.
 Now, they calling the people that they had once upon a time as their audience.
 Now they're calling them.
 they won't answer their phone.
 Because now they see you too.


TikTok

 They won't even reply back to their text messages.
 Because they don't want no smoke.
 They see that you as a chosen one has risen above everything that was thrown at you.
 They don't want no more to do with it.
 They know that this is supernatural individual power.
 In complete control.
 You're saying long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take that.


TikTok

 How spooky you truly are to people, chosen them, were able to maneuver through it?
 Guilt fit, just like pain, like, ooh, I keep seeing 369, 369.
 I'm gonna do me better than you do, yo.
 Like, you know more than you lead on, and not just in this world, but in those other worlds, like people ask themselves, what are you?
 You gotta see things differently.
 People are just genuinely curious.
 TikTok.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, Yo, what's was done?
 You can't even be touched a little, but you can't even hurt your foot on a stone, and you continue to blow up.


TikTok

 Nice. You had to cry without any support.
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 Yo, the government agency, that's been monitoring you, the government agency, that's responsible for the reality.
 They want to act like it's from the past, and clearly people didn't take accountability TikTok.
 It might be harder than the average person 10 times, but on the flip side, your love is 10 times harder than everybody else.
 Oh, damn.
 TikTok sort of in back.
 You got the darkness, too.
 Chosen one.
 Okay, we're gonna play.


TikTok

 And that's because your energy and your energy don't fucking ask for respect and shit, okay?
 People whispered behind closed doors, or worse, right to his face, half dazzled and half terrified, wondering what he actually knew.
 Not just about the geography of this world.
 but about those other worlds pressing against the thin seams of the fabric.
 What are you?


TikTok

 You just now coming outside?
 They know.
 I am in complete control.
 You're saying, long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take time.
 And what I mean by individual power.
 They know that the Holy Spirit was within you.
 You were all alone in the physical, and they saw you wrong because they just thought that it was just you.


TikTok

 Because, you know, technically, scientifically, they say the vessel only runs by the heart.
 The brain, the lungs.
 The liver.
 Drink water.
 The organs, you know, they think that you're living off of the physical body, not knowing that there is a celestial body within.
 Which they have too, but they allow the vessel scientifically make them believe that the mind and the heart is the only reason why you're moving in your lungs.


TikTok

 You know, the little organs that come within.
 So now that there now that they know, That there's another power within the vessel.
 They got to go to the eye doctor.
 They cannot believe their eyes.
 They did not know that there was such a force within.
 You, me, and them.


TikTok

 Now, the calls ain't no more.
 The Facebook humiliations ain't no more.
 Now that they know that you are individually with another force within, which would be the Holy Spirit.
 Now, even though they pretend to still be non-believers, you best to believe they believe.


TikTok

 Now they don't know what to do.
 Because what they did, they can't take it back.
 They can't believe that they win against the very blessing.
 And now they're dealing with what they did.
 They can't take it back.
 So they're trying to run a game, a plot game up here.
 They're trying to come up with a plot twist, but there's no such thing.
 They did what they did.


TikTok

 Now, the only way they can undo it is repent to the most high God.
 It's the only way they can get free from all of this foolishness.
 And they know that they owe many apologies.
 That's why the people that they had as an audience, being a comedian on the stage, now, rather them, instead of them laughing with them, now they're being laughed at.
 Because everybody done pulled back.


TikTok

 Nobody wants no parts.
 Everybody went back to zombie mode.
 They don't even hold conversations with them like they used to.
 A lot of people see them and dodge them.
 A lot of people now holding group chats on them.
 Instead of you.
 Now and then, jam.
 of not knowing what to do, but I'm going to tell them what to do, because I know they're watching, and I know they listening.


TikTok

 They better get on their knees and repent to the most high God, but they still got to pay for what they done.
 Because they didn't come for us.
 They came for the most high God.
 that was trying to only bless them.
 But instead of receiving the blessings, They try to come with busting.
 Busting up the very one that was gonna bless them and not knowing that they could not bust nothing down when it come to the most high God.


TikTok

 Now they bust it.
 Y'all be blessed.
 You know how many people are lurking in your life? Looking at every Facebook post, everything you do, but they won't comment and they won't press the light button.
 Today be kind of strange, beautiful soul.
 Today they've been kind of strange, but it's clarifying the change as at hand, beautiful.
 So today I ran into a car.
 that was at a light.


TikTok

 And I'm gonna show you an example of that, as well.
 This car was at a light, and it was running, but nobody was in it, but it was holding up traffic.
 That was the first weird thing I experienced today.
 Check this out.
 The next thing I experienced, I was going to the store to get something.
 And I walked past the store to go to Kroger's.


TikTok

 I woke past the store to go to Kroger's, and I came back out the store, and I walked past the same places, and all of a sudden, it was this man just laying on the ground, this hot ground.
 Like normally I don't, when I, when I, when I go to the store and when I walk, or walk past the, walk past the store, I don't, but today, this man was just laying on the ground, I'm gonna show you an example of that too.
 Just laying there.
 Mind you, I seen this man before walking around, but today was the first time I ever seen him just laying there.


TikTok

 Check this out.
 Listen.
 We in a major transition.
 I know they said, through astrology, that shadow is right...
 I said shadow.
 Saturn is retrograde right now.
 It's Aries.


TikTok

 I'm not really big on astrology, but I study it to a certain extent, because it all makes, it all makes sense.
 It's all connected.
 It's just people talk about guys in them .
many forms, not just one.
 But I know these things are happening because it's a major transition at hand.
 Anybody, check this out.
 I wanted to show you that, 'cause there's some people on one of them, like...


TikTok

 Them...
 I think is called, like, drinking on wheels or something.
 Everybody, like, and they playing music, they celebrate.
 They celebrate.
 And when I say it's a major change at hand, it's for the good, for celebration, and it's for the, it could be for the bag if you're not aligned to where the world is moving forward to.
 You gonna see things be affected, if you're not aligned, in your godly alignment, on your godly assignment, beautiful soul, you gonna see things not work out and collapse, but if you is doing the work, and you is following suit, everything's gonna line to you, beautiful soul.


TikTok

 soul, and you gonna witness a celebration that God has at hand for you.
 It's your time, beautiful, so it's your time.
 The reason why we seeing strange things happen out of nowhere, because everybody's going through a shift in some way, shape or form, and it's showing itself.
 Understand?
 Protect your energy at this time.
 Blessings are at hand.
 Be looking forward to this upcoming week as a powerful week, beautiful soul.
 It's a powerful week for change.
Dropped it into comics is a powerful week for change and healing this week.


TikTok

 is a powerful week for change and healing this week, and it's happening to you in some way, shape or form in your life.
 Except that healing, when it's awful, it's gonna come in so many ways, shapes, or form.
 Just accept it, beautiful soul.
 God has a plan for you.
 This is all for you.
 If this message reached you, share this message, beautiful, so.
this message.
 You never know who need to hear this message, who need that awareness, share this message.
 Be your blessing on top of a blessing.
 That's a walking blessing.
 Beautiful soul, beautiful soul.


TikTok

 It's tour like major moves.
 And here come my bus, right in the lineman.
 Oh, my goly assignment.
 This message is for you.
 You can love deeply enough to resurrect the dead parts of someone's soul.
 and cold enough to bury them alive metaphorically if they mistake your kindness for weakness.
 You're not confused about who you are.
 They're confused about how you can be both without losing your mind.
 Let me tell you what really happened to you.


TikTok

 You didn't just survive betrayal.
 You studied it like a scientist studies poison.
 You learn this molecular structure, it's entry points, and symptoms.
 And while you were learning how it worked, you were also learning how to cure it within yourself.
 That's the part they don't understand.
 You became both the antidote and the venom, the medicine and the disease, the healer, and the weapon.
 They want to know when you became this way.
 When you learn to switch between forgiveness and fury without blinking.
 It wasn't one moment, though.


TikTok

 It was a 1000 small deaths and resurrections.
 It was watching time people get eaten alive while cruel people got promoted.
 It was seeing weakness, disguise, this virtue, and manipulation dripped, uh, uh, addressed this love.
 Realizing that pure goodness gets you crucified and pure evil gets you in prison.
 But between is where real power lives.
 You learn forgiveness without boundaries, creates more victims.
 Vengeance without wisdom creates more enemies.
 So you became something else entirely.


TikTok

 You became surgical.
 you forgive with precision




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-27 03:15
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

financially left out in some way, shape, or form here. Like, people are talking because they simply can't match your energy in no way, shape, form, or capacity. All right, I'm gonna leave this reading here, hit that, like, and subscribe button for more messages from me.
 I'll catch you later.
 Ciao.
 And some people don't understand that whenever they started to attack you,
 God turned them over to the devil.
 He gave them plenty of chances to get it right.


TikTok

 He warned them on many different occasions.
 That's why it will forever be a lose lose situation.
 For the ones that made you their enemy.
 And this message is not for everybody.
 This message is for the ones that are connected to God, that have a relationship with God, that live a repentance lifestyle.
 The moment they came up against you and did not repent and did not take heed to the warnings that were given to them.
 God turned them over to the devil.


TikTok

 And that is why their lives look the way their lives look on today.
 That is why they will forever watch you.
 They will forever keep an eye on you.
 See, people that understand your strength, they know that you're strong.
 They know that they can't take you.
 They can't defeat you.
 They came up against you together and they still couldn't do anything with you.
 They're gonna forever watch you.
 They're gonna forever watch your family members, your friends, anybody that is connected to you, they're gonna forever watch them.


TikTok

 They're living in turmoil right now, and it's not that you are gloating in their downfall, or this is something that you prayed to happen in their life.
 No.
 They were warned.
 They were warned on many different occasions to leave you alone, and they still continue to do the very things they were warned not to do.
 They didn't take heed to the warnings.
 They were so tied up and trying to bring you down.
 They were so tied up and trying to make you look like the bad guy.


TikTok

 Not understanding that God sits high and he looks low.
 He's seen exactly what they done.
 He heard what they said.
 He seen how they thought they were going to come up against you together to destroy you, to destroy your character, to destroy everything you had going on.
 They were warned on many different occasions before they were turned over to the devil.
 And this is why when you see people and they have started to look like the very demons that have taken over their body.


TikTok

 This is what you see, them being turned over to the very thing they wanted so bad.
 My God.
 Oh, they hit like a ton of bricks.
 People don't understand the turmoil they're putting themselves in.
 When they go against God's commands.
 God clearly told them, touch not my anointed and do my profit, no harm.
 They didn't take heed.
 Now that their lives are falling apart, people are losing things left and right.


TikTok

 They cannot get their lives in order to save their lives.
 And this is only the beginning.
 This is the beginning of God's wrath.
 And the crazy part about it is people will tangle with the devil for as long as they can.
 And then once he turns on them, they turn around and get mad at God for it, as if they were not warned in the very beginning.
 As if God did not send many warnings their way.


TikTok

 Now that they have been turned over.
 to the very thing they thought they wanted.
 Now they're upset with you about it.
 They're upset with God about it.
 They're upset with the people that are surrounding them about it. Instead of taking accountability for the parts they played, taking accountability for their actions, they thought just because the outside world didn't see what they were doing.
 That they were in a safe place.
 It doesn't work like that
 God, seeing what they were doing, he heard what they said.


TikTok

 They didn't take heed.
 To his warnings.
 Oh, God sent them many warnings.
 He nudged those people and nudged them.
 Not to come up against you in the ways they were doing, not to talk about you in the ways they were talking about you.
 This is why you never have to get in the ring with the person.
 You don't got to clear your name.
 You don't have to try to make them believe something contrary to what they already believe anyway.


TikTok

 They wanted to believe that you were the bad guy.
 They wanted to look at you as the problem, especially when you took your power back, you took your identity back.
 You became a better version of yourself.
 That was a problem for them.
 That right there was an issue.
 They wanted you to stick around and take some more of their abuse.
 They wanted you to stick around and do the very things.
 That they refuse to do, the very things they expected for you to do, they wouldn't do them for you.


TikTok

 They would never show up for you in that type of manner.
 And it's not even that, you do things for other people to reciprocate.
 What you would do for them.
 No, no, you do things out of the kindness of your heart, but it's the messed up things.
 The jacked up things that they wanted you to endure, and they know they would never.
 Do any of that for you.
 People got to understand that what goes around comes around.
 And when you do people wrong, especially a child of God, it has to come back around to you, and it does every single time, and it hits them even harder than how they tried to hit you.


TikTok

 They came up against you in the worst way.
 They were warned.
 They didn't take heed.
 Now they have to watch you, walk away, heal, live better, and you don't need them to be able to do the things that you have done and are about to do.
 Life is so much better for you without them.
 Things got so good for you when you walked away from them, and they could be in a better position had they walked away.


TikTok

 Treated you like a human instead, they thought they would make your life hard.
 Because they no longer had control over the situation.
 worst mistake.
 Now offering one on one coaching sessions.
 All of my information will be in the description below.
 I look forward to hearing from you.
 I love you.
 You're gonna be all right.
 The fact that you didn't turn evil shocks people because they've seen people go through far less, turn bitter, cold, evil, obnoxious, rude, and overall just become criminals.


TikTok

 But not...


Facebook

You're saying, long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take time.
 How spooky you truly are to people chosen when you were able to maneuver through it?
 Guilt fit just like pain, like... I keep seeing 369, 369.
 I'm gonna do me better than you do, yo.
 Like, you know more than you lead on, and not just in this world, but in those other worlds, like people ask themselves, What are you?
 You gotta see things differently.


Facebook

 People are just genuinely curious.
 TikTok.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, Yo, what's what's done?
 You can't even be touched a little, but you can't even hurt your foot on a stone, and you continue to glow up.
 Max, you had to cry without any support.
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 Yo, the government agency that's been monitoring you, the government agency that's responsible for the reality.
 They want to act like it's from the past, and clearly people didn't take accountability TikTok.
 It might be harder than the average person 10 times, but on the flip side, your law is 10 times harder than everybody else.


Facebook

 Oh, damn.
 TikTok sort of in back.
 You got the darkness, too.
 Chosen one.
 Okay, we're gonna play.
 And that's because your energy and your energy don't fucking ask for respect and shit, okay?
 People whispered behind closed doors, or worse, right to his face, half dazzled and half terrified, wondering what he actually knew.
 Not just about the geography of this world, but about those other worlds pressing against the thin scenes of the fabric.


Facebook

 What are you?
 You just now coming outside?
 They know.
I am...


TikTok

At first, when people meet you, they assume you had an easy life, born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
 Perhaps a trust fund baby.
 But once they learn about what you've been through, they're mind boggled at how you're able to function like a normal human being.
 Someone with courtesy and consideration.
 They don't understand how you still have a kind heart after everything you've been through.


TikTok

 They don't understand how you can still go out of your way.
 to help others when so many people betrayed you, backstabbed you, abused you, and just made your life a living hell.
 They know that it is indeed the work of God.
 There is no other explanation.
 And they can see the faith on your face.
 They can see that you have a heart of gold, and that you're someone with great, incredible strength, because there's no way someone can overcome everything you did, and it's still able to share their heart, their mind, and their soul with everyone around them, and not be bitter.


TikTok

 What impresses a lot of people is that you don't go around telling your story, looking for sympathy.
 Looking for people to tell you that you had a rough life.
 You don't seek the attention.
 You show up in the best possible light, and people appreciate you.
 for remaining strong and faithful and being a lighthouse for others.
 People are thoroughly impressed with you, and they respect you.


TikTok

 They love the fact that you never let your past break your spirit and turn you evil.
 They believe in God more, after learning about what you've been through, and who you've become, and the fact that you remain kind and good natured.
 People are blown away by your positive mindset and by your willingness to help others.
 People see you as someone who's ready to give the shirt off their back, and you impress a lot of people and a lot of people look up to you.


TikTok

 All right, that's the end of the message.
 I just wanna take a minute to thank everyone who ordered one or more books for me.
 I'm truly honored and I am grateful for your support.
 And if you ordered all 8 books, I'm humbled by your trust.
 It really means a lot to me.
 If you're new here, welcome.
 My name is Chris Josh.
 I'm an author of 8 books, and you can learn more about them and order them by clicking the link in my bio until next time, take care and have a good one.


TikTok

 I know you're wondering, beautiful soul.
 I know you're wondering.
 Yes, there are others like us.
 You're kind of, like, in this energy of, like, yo, dude, like, I've been doing hermit mode for a long ass fucking time.
 And I'm coming out of the shadows.
 However, what the fuck?
 You're really starting to see that the world is still sleeping.
 Uh, it's because you're the leader.


TikTok

 You're the beacon of light, you're the roots for new earth.
 And it's gonna keep spreading.
 The great Christ consciousness, the soul, ascension, awakening is still happening.
 Um, Or just the beginning.


TikTok

 So keep vibing at your frequency, keeping who you are, don't dim down.
 Don't tim down.
 I know there's been things, like, presented to you, like, yo.
 I'm tempted.
 to dim down, and you realize, No, why the fuck am I doing that?
 Like, I'm not gonna do that.
 And you keep shining who the fuck you are.
 I'm taking a moment from playing Fortnite.


TikTok

 Uh, for this message.
 You coming out of the shadows, you're realizing...
 That were a rare, beautiful soul.
 However, you gotta realize, like, we, you, sole contracts, signed up for this, to be the pebble in the pond.
 So keep being your beautiful fucking self, and know you are, you are definitely not alone.


TikTok

 There are other beautiful ancient beings.
 that are at your frequency.
 And I'm kind of wondering the same thing right now.
 Because literally, you've been deep in shadow work for years.
 For years.
 And you're like, hey, I want to come out of the shadows now, and you're realizing, you know, what the fuck is this?
 Some of your are wanting to retreat back in, but don't do it.


TikTok

 Just keep vibing as your authentic self.
 And it's all gonna flow and pan out.
 Just you watch.
 Just you watch Beautiful Soul.
 And I love you, and I'm proud of you.
 Like, I've done a lot of work, and now it's really time to fucking shine and definitely don't retreat.
 We've done enough hermit mode, too much hermit mode can be toxic.
 It's time to keep flowing and growing.


TikTok

 That's what we're doing.
 And no.
 As you keep shining as your authentic cell, what is meant to be will always be, and you are attracting that.
 The fact you're attracting so much right now that you're like, what the fuck?
 Use your discernment.
 All right.
 You're just sermoning your intuition with source and your higher self are your guides.
 And you trust you.
 You know you, you know who the fuck you are, Biski.


TikTok

 All right, with that being said, keep shining as your beautiful fucking authentic self, because there's only one beautiful soul that is fucking you.
 Live, laugh, love, especially yourself, and create.
 I appreciate.
 You humiliated them in a competition.
 You knew nothing about.
 So someone out there, they saw you from a distance and they put you on a pedestal within their mind.
 They got into your energy and they thought to themselves, I need to beat you.


TikTok

 I need to be on top of you because if I'm not, they're going to think they're not worth anything.
 It's going to lower their self-esteem and all that different type of stuff.
 And you were genuine with this person because for the most part, this happens to you a lot, but you never really realize it's happening until the very end because once again, you don't really view the world like that.
 So you're not even out here thinking, I'm going to be in competition with people.
 You mostly just be thinking, I'm going to stay to myself and just focus on myself.
 But you recognize it was a competition because when this person feels like they're losing, always towards the very end, that's when they start switching up.


TikTok

 That's when he start being volatile towards you.
 They start like uh, becoming like a whole different person.
 They came into your energy just being nice to you because they thought they were going to beat you.
 And now that they see, because the crazy part about it is you're outperforming this person even on your worst day.
 But the thing about it is like you're not even trying to outperform this person, and that's what's drove the person like very like upset, insane, because they know deep down that you weren't even trying, but you still made them look bad in a competition.


TikTok

 You knew nothing about you.
 There's this funny story that I have to share, but first, there's a message, of course, there's always a message and a reason for my story time, but... If you are like somebody who collaborates with somebody or, like, looking for other people to collaborate, whether it's, like, music, um,


TikTok

 photography, modeling, Um, whatever it is, video content, art.
 And, um, specifically if this has happened already or if it ever does happen.
 Um, when you end up collaborating with somebody and this person ends up like screwing you over, either stealing, stealing money from you or, um, they're stealing money, stealing the ideas, the content, whatever it is.


TikTok

 They will always get their karma.
 God will allow these people to literally sabotage you, betray you, screw you over, because, Let's say if this collaboration happens and the project, whatever project is that you are working on ends up blowing up.
 That person that you're collaborating with automatically comes up from you, from your energy, from collaborating with you, and there is no way that God is going to allow this person to come up off of you, off of your energy, off of your work.


TikTok

 Because This person doesn't deserve it.
 They haven't done the work.
 They are not,
 They're not meant for it.
 So oftentimes, if this has happened already, or if it does happen, maybe it's about to happen, or you're thinking of collaborating with somebody.
 Um, There's a possibility if this happens.
 It is because this person is not meant to come up with you.
 So, it's either going to be put in their heart to betray you, to steal the content or whatever.


TikTok

 Um, But that's how it's supposed to play out because again, this person cannot come up with you.
 And if this project is successful, we're like, you know, you put that project out there, it's, you're gonna blow up, both of you're gonna blow up.
 But it's like you're only, you're the one that's only meant to blow up and this person is not.
 So, If that happens, if they like end up stealing the content, stealing the work, the project, It is all for a good reason.


TikTok

 And this is a story that this happened to me.
 It was like, I collaborated with this photographer because he really wanted to collaborate with me.
 They wanted me, you know, he was building his portfolio and he was like, oh yeah, like it could be good for both of us, you know.
 Um, I'm building my portfolio as a photographer, you're building yours, you know, as modeling because I love modeling.
 I got into modeling because people, like, telling me, oh, you should do modeling.
 So I just did it also because I love photography.
 I've always loved photography.


TikTok

 And, um, more also for the, for the fashion, the, like, putting outfits together, that was, like, my,
 That was my thing, like my passion, like, um, putting out it together because if you know me, you know, that I can dress.
 and put some outfits together, together, and, um, you know, that was the main thing that I got into it was to, like, put together looks and, like, make these photo shoots.
 But anyways, so, under 3 looks with this guy, one was like a lingerie, basic, um, shoot, whatever, this was all in the same night that we did these.


TikTok

 We did 3 outfits, and then one was like this futuristic look.
 Um...
 So that one was really cool as well.
 And these two, um, I mean, just finished.
 And there was another one that was, like, kind of, like, Marilyn Monroe style that I styled this look.
 And, um, when it came to him, like, showing me the pictures, he was like, dang, these came out really good.


TikTok

 Like, this is, like, what I would charge, like, 2003 K for, you know, and then I was just like, oh, wow, like, that's awesome.
 Like, I'm so glad, like, it came out really great.
 Like, yeah.
 Um, you know, but we had already agreed on this collaboration, you know, and I ended up renting out a hotel, um, because he lived in LA.
 And I live in San Diego, so, you know, I rented out the hotel, blah, blah, blah.
 Got, like, a two, two bedroom, and, um, you know, part of it was because he, I think he expected me, 'cause he was giving me all this weird vibes, like, expecting me to, like, sleep with him, and there was, I just, I don't do that.


TikTok

 I not gonna do that.
 Um, you know, and, um, it's like, those pictures, they were only good because of me, because of my, um, because of, you know, my looks, whatever it was, it's like, if you take away me from the picture, there's just a chair.
 There's just an empty background, you know, and it's just gonna be like, whatever picture.
 like, what am I looking at?
 You know, but it's like, he just hit me with the, oh, like, this is what I would charge 23000 for, you know, and it's like, okay, we already talked about this is gonna be a collaboration for just both of us, for your purpose and my portfolio.


TikTok

 And it's like, he ends up not sending me the pictures.
 Like, he sent me the lingerie look, but he didn't send me the other 2 looks.
 that he was like, it was mostly the, um, Marilyn Monroe.
 Um, look, that one was like fire, like it was fire, like it was so good.
 And, um, that's the one that he was like, oh, yeah, like, you look really good.
 Like, these came out really good.
 This is what I would charge ball, you know?


TikTok

 And, um, he didn't end up sending me those pictures. And, um, But it was for a reason because if he had, it would have just more like, it would have definitely blown up because they were just, they were really good.
 Um, you know, and um, he wasn't meant for that.
 He wasn't meant to come up with me.
 So, you know, that's how things play out.
 And another thing is, like,


TikTok

 He ended up getting his karma because later on, months later, he posts something about him or his, um, all his equipment getting stolen.
 And then I just saw that.
 I didn't even say anything.
 I didn't ever say anything to him.
 I was just like, you know what, whatever.
 Like, I asked him about him like twice, and then after that, I was like, yeah, he's not.
 He's grimy, like he's not going to give me the pictures.
 And then months later, he posts that his equipment got stolen, and then, like, all I could think was like, oh, that's karma for you stealing my pictures for you, not giving me my pictures when it's like you were, you, you literally agreed you wanted to collaborate, just to collaborate, you know?


TikTok

 And, um, there is never any talk about paying for them or that, and then he wants to hit me with that, you know, and then try and be like, try and give hints of letting me sleeping with him.
 no, no, you know what?
 If that's the case, keep the freaking pictures.
 And I'm gonna keep on doing me without all that grimy, grimy shit, you know?
 And it's, like, he got his karma eventually, and, you know, I don't really do modeling that much, but... It's still, like, something that I enjoy doing.


TikTok

 I'm still doing it with my brand because I have my own clothing brand now, but It's just, like, part of the story, part of the message is, like, when it doesn't work out with people that you are collaborating with, when they try and pull one over you, try and sabotage you, try and steal the content, the work, whatever it is.
 It is all for a good reason, and it is because God is not going to allow these people to come up with you because they just, that's not the life for them.
 They have not been chosen for that, especially if you are somebody who has chosen, you're God star C, you chosen one, annoying to the one, he is not going to allow you to come up with a grimy person or let that grimy person come up with you.


TikTok

 So. Just know if that's happened.
 You know, it was for good reason.
 And it was more of a blessing in disguise.
 If this came across your timeline, then you are in a group of beings who are about to get paid to exist, you're going to get paid for just being you.
 You ain't gonna have to work for this.
 It's not going to be like work to you because it's just going to be you being used.
 Something that you would do for free, you're going to get paid for it.
 I don't know who you are, what you do, but I just know it's time for you to get paid to exist.
 You are so special.
 You are a divine being.


TikTok

 And as you generate the wealth, make sure that you give back to the community because you are going to be paid to exist.
 There's only 2 type of people who come across my page.
 You rather a chosen one, or you got some kind of spirituality because that's what I talk about.
 i channel message from the divine.
 You are going to get paid to exist.
 Like, get ready, prepare.
 You might want to open up some new accounts, open up life insurance policy because whoever you are, you are going to get paid to assist.
 is coming. The time is coming.


TikTok

 The most I said, just give them time.
 It takes time for things to come from the 5D to the 3D.
 You're gonna get paid to assist.
 Keep going, whatever you do, keep going.
 I love you.
 My name is Antoine.
 I share positivity, inspiration, and love.
 Peace to the gods and goddesses.
 I shade.
 I feel like this is just an acknowledgment.
 Do you know what a maddie you are?
 Okay.
 I feel like the universe is so impressed.
 By the way you learn lessons.
 Because I feel like for a lot of people, they have to be met with the same lesson and pattern, time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time again.


TikTok

 Before they get the lesson, you know, before they integrate it vibration.
 You, it's like, the universe just gives you a lesson, you integrate it, you move on.
 The amount of death and rebirth that you have been through in this lifetime is actually absolutely insane.
 But the funny part is, I feel like you're at this place.
 Okay, this is cute.
 It's like you're in this place right now where the universe just doesn't even know what lesson to give you.
 Like, you've learned it all.
 I mean, don't get me wrong, we're always growing and healing and for the rest of our life, we will always be.


TikTok

 But it's like, you're in such a good place right now when it comes to like your alignment.
 The universe just doesn't know.
 Like how to trick you?
 Not that they never wants to trick us, but it's like, Our biggest purpose in this lifetime is to grow and awaken.
 So everything that happens in your life is happening with this intention, with this purpose.
 The universe is just stuck right now.
 It's like you trick the universe.
 That's how powerful you are.
 You're literally so spiritually advanced that you trick the universe.


TikTok

 You saw what the universe was doing and you like, Uno reverse.
 You're such a matty.
 like your energy is absolutely Hilarious.
 And you know what's even more funny is you don't realize how like smart and Oh my god, you are so smart.
 You are literally so smart.
 And you understand spiritual laws and spiritual context so deeply.
 Someone made a huge mistake by thinking that they could mess with you on a spiritual level. Whoever I'm speaking to, the mistake was catastrophic.


TikTok

 Because you never were the one to play with.
 Neither was your spiritual team.
 And you'd be minding your business, that's the thing.
 Whenever I'm speaking to, you be minding your business.
 Yet they be trying to be all up in it.
 Look at that candle flickering.
 Mm hmm.
 They be trying to be all up in it.
 Okay, because I got your passion, your drive is unmatched, and as I say that, my phone, it,


TikTok

 is going in and out.
 Like the screen just went black as I said that.
 Somebody did not want you to be seen.
 Somebody did not want you to be seen for all that you are.
 Look at that candle flickering.
 I got, because you are everything and more, on a spiritual level, you are not to be played with.
 I don't know who your family is.
 I don't know who your line is, okay?
 But this ain't your, this ain't your family's 1st rodeo.
 Okay?


TikTok

 You got some heavy hitters on your spiritual team.
 Tap in with them ancestors.
 Some of you guys already are.
 Some of you already are.
 And this energy is patient, right?
 It's almost like kind of one of those things where it's like, I'll let things play out.
 so that you can see the energy that's around you before we step in.
 Right?
 Or even you giving them permission.
 It's like they're flies on the wall watching things happen.
 Somebody, you could have been feeling more lethargic, okay?


TikTok

 Increased appetite, decrease appetite, or just not feeling yourself, right?
 You start something and then for some reason you can't really finish it.
 Or it's just your motivation goes within 24 hours.
 Yeah.
 Somebody was trying to send that energy away, almost like a destiny swap.
 You had people or a person that was watching you heavily.
 And for some of you guys, this is someone that was closer.


TikTok

 It almost had like a front row view of you in some way.
 You could have distanced yourself for this person or felt the need to.
 Let that be your confirmation.
 Almost like something is off.
 Maybe I'm just tripping.
 I feel like that's my second time channeling this type of message.
 222 could be significant, but also 444 is significant to this message.
 You have a lot of protection around you.
 And sometimes your ancestors will allow things to happen.
 So, you know, you can see what's going on behind closed doors, right?


TikTok

 And I just heard a, I just heard a car door closed just now.
 And it's 11 something at night.
 Also, that's where my eyes are so groggy and red because we're at the end of the night, right?
 Maybe somebody wanted you to experience that.
 somebody could have had more allergies as well.
 Or had some type of sickness or felt some type of sickness.
 We rebuke that energy.
 It's not yours to hold.
 That bag is just not yours to hold, so you won't hold it.


TikTok

 anymore.
 It has been released.
 It is releasing, right?
 What somebody wanted to be your end will be your beginning.
 Well, somebody wanted to be your demise would be your rise.
 No, they try to hold you back, but we don't believe in spies.
 Ah, I heard sing chow, sing.


TikTok

 Sing, you won't have that hold on me.
 I release.
 I release.
 Mm.
 Somebody you could like to to do a lot of cleansings while singing.
 I know that's one of my favorite ways.
 Performing things through song.
 Incantations of affirmations, right?
 Rebuking things through song, your voice is very powerful.


TikTok

 I'm spiritual, not religious, but I grew up in a Baptist church, and that was my favorite thing about going to church with my grandmother was the songs.
 Right?
 So almost like taking pieces of things from places, but still utilizing them to, to what you enjoy, right?
 This could be you.
 You could be somebody that makes things out of, out of what feels like nothing, right?
 Or you make things your own.
 Somebody also can be very intuitive when it comes to cooking, right?


TikTok

 That's a gift.
 If you eat food from somebody who's upset, angry, right?
 You're gonna, you're gonna feel that energy after you eat that food.
 That's why when you think about when you eat a lot of fast food and stuff, or you eat one fast food meal, you feel heavy, because a lot of the times people are overworked, unappreciated, and fast food spaces.
 So they're making the food.
 And you're feeling all of that energy in that meal.
 So it's like, yeah, you feel good, then afterwards you feel like, ugh.


TikTok

 It's not to say you can't ever eat fast food, but it's just understanding.
 That's it lowers your frequency, your energy.
 So somebody could have really wanted you to to be in that type of energy.
 as well.
 But whoever I'm speaking to, somebody you've been given has been passed down.
 This gift of cooking, you may know how to naturally cook.
 You may be a natural a natural cook.
 Everything you make just feels good.
 You're putting your love, your energy into it.
 Of me, I didn't start cooking till I had kids. And everything I make, I love.


TikTok

 I like my food better than anybody else's food.
 don't mean I don't eat out.
 But at the end of the day, I'm like, wow.
 You know, and that intuitive cooking is where you be like, oh, this needs a little bit more spice.
 I don't even measure things if I'm making it myself.
 That could be how you are as well.
 Right?
 A little bit more salt in it, a little bit more pepper.
 Mm hmm.
 And I just channel for somebody, we did not play about our food.
 So whoever I'm talking to, your ancestors were foodies as well, they not play about their food.


TikTok

 You know?
 You could even make certain meals into your own, right?
 You see somebody do a recipe and then turn it into your own, right?
 Remix it yourself.
 That alternative version of it.
 And whoever I'm speaking to, you also have a way with your hands, right?
 Golden thumb, Midas touch, healing hands.
 So whatever you make, craft, it's going to be phenomenal.
 Phenomenal, whoever I'm speaking to.


TikTok

 Glend your energy, protect your energy.
 For some of you guys who even still feel, right?
 As if you had some type of hex on you, okay?
 Do a hex spell, okay?
 Cleanse that energy out.
 Core cuttings.
 That's why I made the Hexus bill.
 It's linked in my bio for those of you who need it.
 Also, for those of you who are in digital spaces, because remember, people used to have to go through, fight tooth and nail to get a photo of somebody.


TikTok

 Now they've had full access to you.
 Somebody don't like you, they can just go on your page.
 Send that energy away.
 Look at you.
 Picture you, whatever.
 Somebody even tried to remove view some of you guys, but your ancestors blocked that.
 So they don't actually know what's going on with you.
 Right?
 Somebody could have even felt the ping or something of somebody trying to do that didn't work.
 This video's getting a little lost, so I'm gonna end it here.
 Okay?
 I do have longer form videos and extended readings, et cetera.


TikTok

 in my Patreon.
 It's called the temple.
 So join the temple.
 link will be in a description.
 And for those...
You who need protection on social media, I do have my.
 Digital protection guide as well, because in general, the internet is a portal. You're feeling energy as you scroll.
 When somebody posts a video, they post it with intention.


TikTok

 So it's important because you never know what intention that person has, right?
 And you're feeling whatever that intention was into that video.
 This is also why a lot of people tend to purposely, you know, push not interested in different things like that, or they try to cultivate their algorithm.
 Okay?
 And you can always see when something negative or whatever tries to sneak and mess with you.
 Right?
 You be like, why is this on my algorithm?
 I had to pause there for a 2nd because if you know, you know.


TikTok

 But I post more videos on my YouTube.
 I post there more than any other platform, so make sure that you are subscribed and following me with notifications on. My YouTube is Breeze Tales, okay?
 I only have one page too, on YouTube, and I only have one TikTok, so beware of fake pages and duplicates.
 okay?
 We can't control what others do.
 But it's just breeze tales.
 No extra.
 Someone made a huge mistake by thinking that they could mess with you on a spiritual level.


TikTok

 Whoever I'm speaking to, the mistake was catastrophic.
 Because you never were the one to play with.
 Neither was your spiritual team.
 And you'd be minding your business.
 That's the thing.
 Chosen one.
 You have been closely monitored by the government because at night your body trans...
 Transforms into something that makes their most advanced technology tremble with readings that shouldn't exist.
 Divine intelligence flows through your sleeping form with such intensity that it triggers emergency protocols in monitoring facilities world wide.


TikTok

 Every night when your physical body surrenders to sleep, something extraordinary happens that governments world wide have spent billions trying to understand, and billions more trying to suppress, your seemingly ordinary human form transforms into a broadcasting station of such immense power that it sends shock waves through dimensions most people can't even imagine exist.
 But before we dive deeper into what your sleeping body actually does during those crucial nighttime hours, you need to understand the sophisticated web of surveillance that has been quietly constructed around you.


TikTok

 Advanced satellite networks equipped with electromagnetic fencing capabilities scan residential areas during peak sleep hours, automatically flagging locations where impossible energy readings occur.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-27 03:36
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

 They're living in turmoil right now, and it's not that you are gloating in their downfall, or this is something that you prayed to happen in their life.
 No.
 They were warned.
 They were warned on many different occasions to leave you alone, and they still continue to do the very things they were warned not to do.
 They didn't take heed to the warnings.
 They were so tied up and trying to bring you down.
 They were so tied up and trying to make you look like the bad guy.


TikTok

 Not understanding that God sits high and he looks low.
 He's seen exactly what they done.
 He heard what they said.
 He seen how they thought they were going to come up against you together to destroy you, to destroy your character, to destroy everything you had going on.
 They were warned on many different occasions before they were turned over to the devil.
 And this is why when you see people and they have started to look like the very demons that have taken over their body.


TikTok

 This is what you see, them being turned over to the very thing they wanted so bad.
 My God.
 Oh, they hit like a ton of bricks.
 People don't understand the turmoil they're putting themselves in.
 When they go against God's commands.
 God clearly told them, touch not my anointed and do my profit, no harm.
 They didn't take heed.
 Now that their lives are falling apart, people are losing things left and right.


TikTok

 They cannot get their lives in order to save their lives.
 And this is only the beginning.
 This is the beginning of God's wrath.
 And the crazy part about it is people will tangle with the devil for as long as they can.
 And then once he turns on them, they turn around and get mad at God for it, as if they were not warned in the very beginning.
 As if God did not send many warnings their way.


TikTok

 Now that they have been turned over.
 to the very thing they thought they wanted.
 Now they're upset with you about it.
 They're upset with God about it.
 They're upset with the people that are surrounding them about it. Instead of taking accountability for the parts they played, taking accountability for their actions, they thought just because the outside world didn't see what they were doing.
 That they were in a safe place.
 It doesn't work like that
 God, seeing what they were doing, he heard what they said.


TikTok

 They didn't take heed.
 To his warnings.
 Oh, God sent them many warnings.
 He nudged those people and nudged them.
 Not to come up against you in the ways they were doing, not to talk about you in the ways they were talking about you.
 This is why you never have to get in the ring with the person.
 You don't got to clear your name.
 You don't have to try to make them believe something contrary to what they already believe anyway.


TikTok

 They wanted to believe that you were the bad guy.
 They wanted to look at you as the problem, especially when you took your power back, you took your identity back.
 You became a better version of yourself.
 That was a problem for them.
 That right there was an issue.
 They wanted you to stick around and take some more of their abuse.
 They wanted you to stick around and do the very things.
 That they refuse to do, the very things they expected for you to do, they wouldn't do them for you.


TikTok

 They would never show up for you in that type of manner.
 And it's not even that, you do things for other people to reciprocate.
 What you would do for them.
 No, no, you do things out of the kindness of your heart, but it's the messed up things.
 The jacked up things that they wanted you to endure, and they know they would never.
 Do any of that for you.
 People got to understand that what goes around comes around.
 And when you do people wrong, especially a child of God, it has to come back around to you, and it does every single time, and it hits them even harder than how they tried to hit you.


TikTok

 They came up against you in the worst way.
 They were warned.
 They didn't take heed.
 Now they have to watch you, walk away, heal, live better, and you don't need them to be able to do the things that you have done and are about to do.
 Life is so much better for you without them.
 Things got so good for you when you walked away from them, and they could be in a better position had they walked away.


TikTok

 Treated you like a human instead, they thought they would make your life hard.
 Because they no longer had control over the situation.
 worst mistake.
 Now offering one on one coaching sessions.
 All of my information will be in the description below.
 I look forward to hearing from you.
 I love you.
 You're gonna be all right.
 The fact that you didn't turn evil shocks people because they've seen people go through far less, turn bitter, cold, evil, obnoxious, rude, and overall just become criminals.


TikTok

 But not...


Facebook

You're saying, long live, bro.
 You don't even know, bro.
 Take time.
 How spooky you truly are to people chosen when you were able to maneuver through it?
 Guilt fit just like pain, like... I keep seeing 369, 369.
 I'm gonna do me better than you do, yo.
 Like, you know more than you lead on, and not just in this world, but in those other worlds, like people ask themselves, What are you?
 You gotta see things differently.


Facebook

 People are just genuinely curious.
 TikTok.
 You shouldn't have to go around acting like, Yo, what's what's done?
 You can't even be touched a little, but you can't even hurt your foot on a stone, and you continue to glow up.
 Max, you had to cry without any support.
 Now they want people to take advice from them.
 Yo, the government agency that's been monitoring you, the government agency that's responsible for the reality.
 They want to act like it's from the past, and clearly people didn't take accountability TikTok.
 It might be harder than the average person 10 times, but on the flip side, your law is 10 times harder than everybody else.


Facebook

 Oh, damn.
 TikTok sort of in back.
 You got the darkness, too.
 Chosen one.
 Okay, we're gonna play.
 And that's because your energy and your energy don't fucking ask for respect and shit, okay?
 People whispered behind closed doors, or worse, right to his face, half dazzled and half terrified, wondering what he actually knew.
 Not just about the geography of this world, but about those other worlds pressing against the thin scenes of the fabric.


Facebook

 What are you?
 You just now coming outside?
 They know.
I am...


TikTok

At first, when people meet you, they assume you had an easy life, born with a silver spoon in your mouth.
 Perhaps a trust fund baby.
 But once they learn about what you've been through, they're mind boggled at how you're able to function like a normal human being.
 Someone with courtesy and consideration.
 They don't understand how you still have a kind heart after everything you've been through.


TikTok

 They don't understand how you can still go out of your way.
 to help others when so many people betrayed you, backstabbed you, abused you, and just made your life a living hell.
 They know that it is indeed the work of God.
 There is no other explanation.
 And they can see the faith on your face.
 They can see that you have a heart of gold, and that you're someone with great, incredible strength, because there's no way someone can overcome everything you did, and it's still able to share their heart, their mind, and their soul with everyone around them, and not be bitter.


TikTok

 What impresses a lot of people is that you don't go around telling your story, looking for sympathy.
 Looking for people to tell you that you had a rough life.
 You don't seek the attention.
 You show up in the best possible light, and people appreciate you.
 for remaining strong and faithful and being a lighthouse for others.
 People are thoroughly impressed with you, and they respect you.


TikTok

 They love the fact that you never let your past break your spirit and turn you evil.
 They believe in God more, after learning about what you've been through, and who you've become, and the fact that you remain kind and good natured.
 People are blown away by your positive mindset and by your willingness to help others.
 People see you as someone who's ready to give the shirt off their back, and you impress a lot of people and a lot of people look up to you.


TikTok

 All right, that's the end of the message.
 I just wanna take a minute to thank everyone who ordered one or more books for me.
 I'm truly honored and I am grateful for your support.
 And if you ordered all 8 books, I'm humbled by your trust.
 It really means a lot to me.
 If you're new here, welcome.
 My name is Chris Josh.
 I'm an author of 8 books, and you can learn more about them and order them by clicking the link in my bio until next time, take care and have a good one.


TikTok

 I know you're wondering, beautiful soul.
 I know you're wondering.
 Yes, there are others like us.
 You're kind of, like, in this energy of, like, yo, dude, like, I've been doing hermit mode for a long ass fucking time.
 And I'm coming out of the shadows.
 However, what the fuck?
 You're really starting to see that the world is still sleeping.
 Uh, it's because you're the leader.


TikTok

 You're the beacon of light, you're the roots for new earth.
 And it's gonna keep spreading.
 The great Christ consciousness, the soul, ascension, awakening is still happening.
 Um, Or just the beginning.


TikTok

 So keep vibing at your frequency, keeping who you are, don't dim down.
 Don't tim down.
 I know there's been things, like, presented to you, like, yo.
 I'm tempted.
 to dim down, and you realize, No, why the fuck am I doing that?
 Like, I'm not gonna do that.
 And you keep shining who the fuck you are.
 I'm taking a moment from playing Fortnite.


TikTok

 Uh, for this message.
 You coming out of the shadows, you're realizing...
 That were a rare, beautiful soul.
 However, you gotta realize, like, we, you, sole contracts, signed up for this, to be the pebble in the pond.
 So keep being your beautiful fucking self, and know you are, you are definitely not alone.


TikTok

 There are other beautiful ancient beings.
 that are at your frequency.
 And I'm kind of wondering the same thing right now.
 Because literally, you've been deep in shadow work for years.
 For years.
 And you're like, hey, I want to come out of the shadows now, and you're realizing, you know, what the fuck is this?
 Some of your are wanting to retreat back in, but don't do it.


TikTok

 Just keep vibing as your authentic self.
 And it's all gonna flow and pan out.
 Just you watch.
 Just you watch Beautiful Soul.
 And I love you, and I'm proud of you.
 Like, I've done a lot of work, and now it's really time to fucking shine and definitely don't retreat.
 We've done enough hermit mode, too much hermit mode can be toxic.
 It's time to keep flowing and growing.


TikTok

 That's what we're doing.
 And no.
 As you keep shining as your authentic cell, what is meant to be will always be, and you are attracting that.
 The fact you're attracting so much right now that you're like, what the fuck?
 Use your discernment.
 All right.
 You're just sermoning your intuition with source and your higher self are your guides.
 And you trust you.
 You know you, you know who the fuck you are, Biski.


TikTok

 All right, with that being said, keep shining as your beautiful fucking authentic self, because there's only one beautiful soul that is fucking you.
 Live, laugh, love, especially yourself, and create.
 I appreciate.
 You humiliated them in a competition.
 You knew nothing about.
 So someone out there, they saw you from a distance and they put you on a pedestal within their mind.
 They got into your energy and they thought to themselves, I need to beat you.


TikTok

 I need to be on top of you because if I'm not, they're going to think they're not worth anything.
 It's going to lower their self-esteem and all that different type of stuff.
 And you were genuine with this person because for the most part, this happens to you a lot, but you never really realize it's happening until the very end because once again, you don't really view the world like that.
 So you're not even out here thinking, I'm going to be in competition with people.
 You mostly just be thinking, I'm going to stay to myself and just focus on myself.
 But you recognize it was a competition because when this person feels like they're losing, always towards the very end, that's when they start switching up.


TikTok

 That's when he start being volatile towards you.
 They start like uh, becoming like a whole different person.
 They came into your energy just being nice to you because they thought they were going to beat you.
 And now that they see, because the crazy part about it is you're outperforming this person even on your worst day.
 But the thing about it is like you're not even trying to outperform this person, and that's what's drove the person like very like upset, insane, because they know deep down that you weren't even trying, but you still made them look bad in a competition.


TikTok

 You knew nothing about you.
 There's this funny story that I have to share, but first, there's a message, of course, there's always a message and a reason for my story time, but... If you are like somebody who collaborates with somebody or, like, looking for other people to collaborate, whether it's, like, music, um,


TikTok

 photography, modeling, Um, whatever it is, video content, art.
 And, um, specifically if this has happened already or if it ever does happen.
 Um, when you end up collaborating with somebody and this person ends up like screwing you over, either stealing, stealing money from you or, um, they're stealing money, stealing the ideas, the content, whatever it is.


TikTok

 They will always get their karma.
 God will allow these people to literally sabotage you, betray you, screw you over, because, Let's say if this collaboration happens and the project, whatever project is that you are working on ends up blowing up.
 That person that you're collaborating with automatically comes up from you, from your energy, from collaborating with you, and there is no way that God is going to allow this person to come up off of you, off of your energy, off of your work.


TikTok

 Because This person doesn't deserve it.
 They haven't done the work.
 They are not,
 They're not meant for it.
 So oftentimes, if this has happened already, or if it does happen, maybe it's about to happen, or you're thinking of collaborating with somebody.
 Um, There's a possibility if this happens.
 It is because this person is not meant to come up with you.
 So, it's either going to be put in their heart to betray you, to steal the content or whatever.


TikTok

 Um, But that's how it's supposed to play out because again, this person cannot come up with you.
 And if this project is successful, we're like, you know, you put that project out there, it's, you're gonna blow up, both of you're gonna blow up.
 But it's like you're only, you're the one that's only meant to blow up and this person is not.
 So, If that happens, if they like end up stealing the content, stealing the work, the project, It is all for a good reason.


TikTok

 And this is a story that this happened to me.
 It was like, I collaborated with this photographer because he really wanted to collaborate with me.
 They wanted me, you know, he was building his portfolio and he was like, oh yeah, like it could be good for both of us, you know.
 Um, I'm building my portfolio as a photographer, you're building yours, you know, as modeling because I love modeling.
 I got into modeling because people, like, telling me, oh, you should do modeling.
 So I just did it also because I love photography.
 I've always loved photography.


TikTok

 And, um, more also for the, for the fashion, the, like, putting outfits together, that was, like, my,
 That was my thing, like my passion, like, um, putting out it together because if you know me, you know, that I can dress.
 and put some outfits together, together, and, um, you know, that was the main thing that I got into it was to, like, put together looks and, like, make these photo shoots.
 But anyways, so, under 3 looks with this guy, one was like a lingerie, basic, um, shoot, whatever, this was all in the same night that we did these.


TikTok

 We did 3 outfits, and then one was like this futuristic look.
 Um...
 So that one was really cool as well.
 And these two, um, I mean, just finished.
 And there was another one that was, like, kind of, like, Marilyn Monroe style that I styled this look.
 And, um, when it came to him, like, showing me the pictures, he was like, dang, these came out really good.


TikTok

 Like, this is, like, what I would charge, like, 2003 K for, you know, and then I was just like, oh, wow, like, that's awesome.
 Like, I'm so glad, like, it came out really great.
 Like, yeah.
 Um, you know, but we had already agreed on this collaboration, you know, and I ended up renting out a hotel, um, because he lived in LA.
 And I live in San Diego, so, you know, I rented out the hotel, blah, blah, blah.
 Got, like, a two, two bedroom, and, um, you know, part of it was because he, I think he expected me, 'cause he was giving me all this weird vibes, like, expecting me to, like, sleep with him, and there was, I just, I don't do that.


TikTok

 I not gonna do that.
 Um, you know, and, um, it's like, those pictures, they were only good because of me, because of my, um, because of, you know, my looks, whatever it was, it's like, if you take away me from the picture, there's just a chair.
 There's just an empty background, you know, and it's just gonna be like, whatever picture.
 like, what am I looking at?
 You know, but it's like, he just hit me with the, oh, like, this is what I would charge 23000 for, you know, and it's like, okay, we already talked about this is gonna be a collaboration for just both of us, for your purpose and my portfolio.


TikTok

 And it's like, he ends up not sending me the pictures.
 Like, he sent me the lingerie look, but he didn't send me the other 2 looks.
 that he was like, it was mostly the, um, Marilyn Monroe.
 Um, look, that one was like fire, like it was fire, like it was so good.
 And, um, that's the one that he was like, oh, yeah, like, you look really good.
 Like, these came out really good.
 This is what I would charge ball, you know?


TikTok

 And, um, he didn't end up sending me those pictures. And, um, But it was for a reason because if he had, it would have just more like, it would have definitely blown up because they were just, they were really good.
 Um, you know, and um, he wasn't meant for that.
 He wasn't meant to come up with me.
 So, you know, that's how things play out.
 And another thing is, like,


TikTok

 He ended up getting his karma because later on, months later, he posts something about him or his, um, all his equipment getting stolen.
 And then I just saw that.
 I didn't even say anything.
 I didn't ever say anything to him.
 I was just like, you know what, whatever.
 Like, I asked him about him like twice, and then after that, I was like, yeah, he's not.
 He's grimy, like he's not going to give me the pictures.
 And then months later, he posts that his equipment got stolen, and then, like, all I could think was like, oh, that's karma for you stealing my pictures for you, not giving me my pictures when it's like you were, you, you literally agreed you wanted to collaborate, just to collaborate, you know?


TikTok

 And, um, there is never any talk about paying for them or that, and then he wants to hit me with that, you know, and then try and be like, try and give hints of letting me sleeping with him.
 no, no, you know what?
 If that's the case, keep the freaking pictures.
 And I'm gonna keep on doing me without all that grimy, grimy shit, you know?
 And it's, like, he got his karma eventually, and, you know, I don't really do modeling that much, but... It's still, like, something that I enjoy doing.


TikTok

 I'm still doing it with my brand because I have my own clothing brand now, but It's just, like, part of the story, part of the message is, like, when it doesn't work out with people that you are collaborating with, when they try and pull one over you, try and sabotage you, try and steal the content, the work, whatever it is.
 It is all for a good reason, and it is because God is not going to allow these people to come up with you because they just, that's not the life for them.
 They have not been chosen for that, especially if you are somebody who has chosen, you're God star C, you chosen one, annoying to the one, he is not going to allow you to come up with a grimy person or let that grimy person come up with you.


TikTok

 So. Just know if that's happened.
 You know, it was for good reason.
 And it was more of a blessing in disguise.
 If this came across your timeline, then you are in a group of beings who are about to get paid to exist, you're going to get paid for just being you.
 You ain't gonna have to work for this.
 It's not going to be like work to you because it's just going to be you being used.
 Something that you would do for free, you're going to get paid for it.
 I don't know who you are, what you do, but I just know it's time for you to get paid to exist.
 You are so special.
 You are a divine being.


TikTok

 And as you generate the wealth, make sure that you give back to the community because you are going to be paid to exist.
 There's only 2 type of people who come across my page.
 You rather a chosen one, or you got some kind of spirituality because that's what I talk about.
 i channel message from the divine.
 You are going to get paid to exist.
 Like, get ready, prepare.
 You might want to open up some new accounts, open up life insurance policy because whoever you are, you are going to get paid to assist.
 is coming. The time is coming.


TikTok

 The most I said, just give them time.
 It takes time for things to come from the 5D to the 3D.
 You're gonna get paid to assist.
 Keep going, whatever you do, keep going.
 I love you.
 My name is Antoine.
 I share positivity, inspiration, and love.
 Peace to the gods and goddesses.
 I shade.
 I feel like this is just an acknowledgment.
 Do you know what a maddie you are?
 Okay.
 I feel like the universe is so impressed.
 By the way you learn lessons.
 Because I feel like for a lot of people, they have to be met with the same lesson and pattern, time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time again.


TikTok

 Before they get the lesson, you know, before they integrate it vibration.
 You, it's like, the universe just gives you a lesson, you integrate it, you move on.
 The amount of death and rebirth that you have been through in this lifetime is actually absolutely insane.
 But the funny part is, I feel like you're at this place.
 Okay, this is cute.
 It's like you're in this place right now where the universe just doesn't even know what lesson to give you.
 Like, you've learned it all.
 I mean, don't get me wrong, we're always growing and healing and for the rest of our life, we will always be.


TikTok

 But it's like, you're in such a good place right now when it comes to like your alignment.
 The universe just doesn't know.
 Like how to trick you?
 Not that they never wants to trick us, but it's like, Our biggest purpose in this lifetime is to grow and awaken.
 So everything that happens in your life is happening with this intention, with this purpose.
 The universe is just stuck right now.
 It's like you trick the universe.
 That's how powerful you are.
 You're literally so spiritually advanced that you trick the universe.


TikTok

 You saw what the universe was doing and you like, Uno reverse.
 You're such a matty.
 like your energy is absolutely Hilarious.
 And you know what's even more funny is you don't realize how like smart and Oh my god, you are so smart.
 You are literally so smart.
 And you understand spiritual laws and spiritual context so deeply.
 Someone made a huge mistake by thinking that they could mess with you on a spiritual level. Whoever I'm speaking to, the mistake was catastrophic.


TikTok

 Because you never were the one to play with.
 Neither was your spiritual team.
 And you'd be minding your business, that's the thing.
 Whenever I'm speaking to, you be minding your business.
 Yet they be trying to be all up in it.
 Look at that candle flickering.
 Mm hmm.
 They be trying to be all up in it.
 Okay, because I got your passion, your drive is unmatched, and as I say that, my phone, it,


TikTok

 is going in and out.
 Like the screen just went black as I said that.
 Somebody did not want you to be seen.
 Somebody did not want you to be seen for all that you are.
 Look at that candle flickering.
 I got, because you are everything and more, on a spiritual level, you are not to be played with.
 I don't know who your family is.
 I don't know who your line is, okay?
 But this ain't your, this ain't your family's 1st rodeo.
 Okay?


TikTok

 You got some heavy hitters on your spiritual team.
 Tap in with them ancestors.
 Some of you guys already are.
 Some of you already are.
 And this energy is patient, right?
 It's almost like kind of one of those things where it's like, I'll let things play out.
 so that you can see the energy that's around you before we step in.
 Right?
 Or even you giving them permission.
 It's like they're flies on the wall watching things happen.
 Somebody, you could have been feeling more lethargic, okay?


TikTok

 Increased appetite, decrease appetite, or just not feeling yourself, right?
 You start something and then for some reason you can't really finish it.
 Or it's just your motivation goes within 24 hours.
 Yeah.
 Somebody was trying to send that energy away, almost like a destiny swap.
 You had people or a person that was watching you heavily.
 And for some of you guys, this is someone that was closer.


TikTok

 It almost had like a front row view of you in some way.
 You could have distanced yourself for this person or felt the need to.
 Let that be your confirmation.
 Almost like something is off.
 Maybe I'm just tripping.
 I feel like that's my second time channeling this type of message.
 222 could be significant, but also 444 is significant to this message.
 You have a lot of protection around you.
 And sometimes your ancestors will allow things to happen.
 So, you know, you can see what's going on behind closed doors, right?


TikTok

 And I just heard a, I just heard a car door closed just now.
 And it's 11 something at night.
 Also, that's where my eyes are so groggy and red because we're at the end of the night, right?
 Maybe somebody wanted you to experience that.
 somebody could have had more allergies as well.
 Or had some type of sickness or felt some type of sickness.
 We rebuke that energy.
 It's not yours to hold.
 That bag is just not yours to hold, so you won't hold it.


TikTok

 anymore.
 It has been released.
 It is releasing, right?
 What somebody wanted to be your end will be your beginning.
 Well, somebody wanted to be your demise would be your rise.
 No, they try to hold you back, but we don't believe in spies.
 Ah, I heard sing chow, sing.


TikTok

 Sing, you won't have that hold on me.
 I release.
 I release.
 Mm.
 Somebody you could like to to do a lot of cleansings while singing.
 I know that's one of my favorite ways.
 Performing things through song.
 Incantations of affirmations, right?
 Rebuking things through song, your voice is very powerful.


TikTok

 I'm spiritual, not religious, but I grew up in a Baptist church, and that was my favorite thing about going to church with my grandmother was the songs.
 Right?
 So almost like taking pieces of things from places, but still utilizing them to, to what you enjoy, right?
 This could be you.
 You could be somebody that makes things out of, out of what feels like nothing, right?
 Or you make things your own.
 Somebody also can be very intuitive when it comes to cooking, right?


TikTok

 That's a gift.
 If you eat food from somebody who's upset, angry, right?
 You're gonna, you're gonna feel that energy after you eat that food.
 That's why when you think about when you eat a lot of fast food and stuff, or you eat one fast food meal, you feel heavy, because a lot of the times people are overworked, unappreciated, and fast food spaces.
 So they're making the food.
 And you're feeling all of that energy in that meal.
 So it's like, yeah, you feel good, then afterwards you feel like, ugh.


TikTok

 It's not to say you can't ever eat fast food, but it's just understanding.
 That's it lowers your frequency, your energy.
 So somebody could have really wanted you to to be in that type of energy.
 as well.
 But whoever I'm speaking to, somebody you've been given has been passed down.
 This gift of cooking, you may know how to naturally cook.
 You may be a natural a natural cook.
 Everything you make just feels good.
 You're putting your love, your energy into it.
 Of me, I didn't start cooking till I had kids. And everything I make, I love.


TikTok

 I like my food better than anybody else's food.
 don't mean I don't eat out.
 But at the end of the day, I'm like, wow.
 You know, and that intuitive cooking is where you be like, oh, this needs a little bit more spice.
 I don't even measure things if I'm making it myself.
 That could be how you are as well.
 Right?
 A little bit more salt in it, a little bit more pepper.
 Mm hmm.
 And I just channel for somebody, we did not play about our food.
 So whoever I'm talking to, your ancestors were foodies as well, they not play about their food.


TikTok

 You know?
 You could even make certain meals into your own, right?
 You see somebody do a recipe and then turn it into your own, right?
 Remix it yourself.
 That alternative version of it.
 And whoever I'm speaking to, you also have a way with your hands, right?
 Golden thumb, Midas touch, healing hands.
 So whatever you make, craft, it's going to be phenomenal.
 Phenomenal, whoever I'm speaking to.


TikTok

 Glend your energy, protect your energy.
 For some of you guys who even still feel, right?
 As if you had some type of hex on you, okay?
 Do a hex spell, okay?
 Cleanse that energy out.
 Core cuttings.
 That's why I made the Hexus bill.
 It's linked in my bio for those of you who need it.
 Also, for those of you who are in digital spaces, because remember, people used to have to go through, fight tooth and nail to get a photo of somebody.


TikTok

 Now they've had full access to you.
 Somebody don't like you, they can just go on your page.
 Send that energy away.
 Look at you.
 Picture you, whatever.
 Somebody even tried to remove view some of you guys, but your ancestors blocked that.
 So they don't actually know what's going on with you.
 Right?
 Somebody could have even felt the ping or something of somebody trying to do that didn't work.
 This video's getting a little lost, so I'm gonna end it here.
 Okay?
 I do have longer form videos and extended readings, et cetera.


TikTok

 in my Patreon.
 It's called the temple.
 So join the temple.
 link will be in a description.
 And for those...
You who need protection on social media, I do have my.
 Digital protection guide as well, because in general, the internet is a portal. You're feeling energy as you scroll.
 When somebody posts a video, they post it with intention.


TikTok

 So it's important because you never know what intention that person has, right?
 And you're feeling whatever that intention was into that video.
 This is also why a lot of people tend to purposely, you know, push not interested in different things like that, or they try to cultivate their algorithm.
 Okay?
 And you can always see when something negative or whatever tries to sneak and mess with you.
 Right?
 You be like, why is this on my algorithm?
 I had to pause there for a 2nd because if you know, you know.


TikTok

 But I post more videos on my YouTube.
 I post there more than any other platform, so make sure that you are subscribed and following me with notifications on. My YouTube is Breeze Tales, okay?
 I only have one page too, on YouTube, and I only have one TikTok, so beware of fake pages and duplicates.
 okay?
 We can't control what others do.
 But it's just breeze tales.
 No extra.
 Someone made a huge mistake by thinking that they could mess with you on a spiritual level.


TikTok

 Whoever I'm speaking to, the mistake was catastrophic.
 Because you never were the one to play with.
 Neither was your spiritual team.
 And you'd be minding your business.
 That's the thing.
 Chosen one.
 You have been closely monitored by the government because at night your body trans...
 Transforms into something that makes their most advanced technology tremble with readings that shouldn't exist.
 Divine intelligence flows through your sleeping form with such intensity that it triggers emergency protocols in monitoring facilities world wide.


TikTok

 Every night when your physical body surrenders to sleep, something extraordinary happens that governments world wide have spent billions trying to understand, and billions more trying to suppress, your seemingly ordinary human form transforms into a broadcasting station of such immense power that it sends shock waves through dimensions most people can't even imagine exist.
 But before we dive deeper into what your sleeping body actually does during those crucial nighttime hours, you need to understand the sophisticated web of surveillance that has been quietly constructed around you.


TikTok

 Advanced satellite networks equipped with electromagnetic stencing capabilities, scan residential areas during peak sleep hours, automatically flagging locations where impossible energy readings occur.
 These aren't the bulky, obvious surveillance vans you might imagine from movies. The monitoring happens through quantum sensors embedded in cell towers, disguised as routine telecommunications infrustrica, broadcasting dual signals that most people never realize exist.


TikTok

 Your home has likely been mapped down to the precise square footage where your electromagnetic field reaches maximum intensity.
 Specialized teams operating under nondisclosure agreements conduct what they call proximity studies, detailed analysis of how your energy signature affects electronic devices, biological systems, and even the molecular structure of materials within your immediate environment.
 They've discovered that plants in your living space grow according to patterns that mirror sacred geometry, while electronic devices experience what they classify as beneficial interference, that actually improves their performance rather than degrading it.


TikTok

 The most disturbing aspect of this surveillance network is how it extends beyond your physical location, your electromagnetic signature creates what intelligence operatives call resonance trails, energy pathways that remain detectable in locations you've visited, people you've interacted with, even objects you've touched for extended periods.
 These trails don't fade according to normal electromagnetic decay patterns.
 Instead, they intensify over time, creating permanent alterations in the quantum field that make those locations and individuals more conducive to spiritual experiences and heightened awareness. Your vehicle, if you own one, has been discreetly retrofitted with monitoring equipment during routine maintenance visits to government contracted service centres.


TikTok

 The modifications are so seamless that even experienced mechanics wouldn't notice them during standard inspections.
 This equipment doesn't just track your location.
 It measures the electromagnetic fluctuations your body generates while traveling, documenting how your energy signature changes.
 How many more sleepless nights does it take before you believe what you've already seen?
 Like how many?
 How many more broken promises?
 How many more, how many more apologies with no change, you know what I mean?


TikTok

 How many more chances are you gonna give away while your own future just sits in a parking lot waiting on you?
 At some point, you know what?
 Enough has to become enough.
 Enough has to become enough, and that's why this message found you today, because your next season is very expensive.
 It's gonna cost you old habits.
 It's gonna cost you a lot of those old conversations.
 It's gonna cost you.
 It's gonna cost you old attachments.
 And guess what?


TikTok

 Yes.
 It might cost you people that you thought would be around forever.
 But some prices are worth paying.
 I can tell you that.
 Some prices are worth paying.
 Some doors only open after you finally let go of the handle on the one behind you.
 You're not walking away because you're weak or anything.
 Stop, get that out your head.
 That's not why you're walking away.
 You're walking away because you finally become strong enough to disappoint the part of you that keeps settling.
 Hear that again in your spirit.
 Hear it again and here.


TikTok

 You're not disappointing them.
 You're disappointed the old version of yourself that believe crumbs were enough.
 Crumbs aren't enough.
 That old you has to go.
 The new you has different standards now, right?
 The new you doesn't confuse inconsistency with potential.
 The new you doesn't build a future based on who somebody could become.
 The new you responds to who they consistently choose to be, right?


TikTok

 That's wisdom.
 And where's number one will save you years of unnecessary pain?
 Years, you know what I mean?
 One of the biggest lives that we tell ourselves is maybe, you know, this time, it'll be different.
 We hear that all the time.
 Oh, maybe this time it'll be different.
 Guess what?
 Sometimes it will.
 But sometimes, that's just hope.
 That's all that is.
 And hope is beautiful, right?
 Don't get me wrong.
 But hope without honesty will keep you stuck in places that you already outgrew.


TikTok

 Tell yourself the truth.
 And the truth might hurt for a little while, if I'm being honest.
 But lies will keep you hurting for years and years and years.
 Tell yourself the truth.
 They made their choice.
 Now, you make yours, right?
 They walk their path.
 Now walk yours.
 Stop standing at windows that nobody's opening for you.
 Build a house where you never have to beg to be let in, right?
 That's what you do in this moment.


TikTok

 And I'm gonna tell you right now, like I always tell you guys, you gonna miss them sometimes.
 You a human being.
 Memories don't just disappear just because you made a healthy decision.
 There will be songs that remind you of them, right?
 It will.
 There will be certain restaurants.
 There would be certain certain streets and certain dates on the calendar.
 That's normal.
 I'm not saying that that's not gonna happen.
 But don't confuse missing somebody with needing them.
 That what I'm trying to get you to understand.
 Those are 2 completely different things.
 You can miss somebody and still know that your future is better without them.


TikTok

 If you don't take nothing else from that, take that.
 That's called growth.
 And we know that growth rarely feels comfortable.
 It stretches you.
 It asks you to keep walking, even when your emotions are trying to pull you backwards.
 Keep walking anyway.
 Every step away from what broke you is a step toward what you can build, right?


TikTok

 And one day, you're gonna wake up and you're gonna realize something.
 The peace that you were looking for, it wasn't hiding in another person.
 And that's what I had to realize.
 It was waiting on the other side of your decisions.
 I have a lot of peace now.
 And it's the day that you finally keep your word with yourself, that's when it's gonna happen.
 The day that you finally stood on business, the day that you stopped chasing what kept running, right?
 But I think that you're finally done.


TikTok

 I think that you're finally tired.
 Just remember, boys, that people shit on you, and your life, it's usually 'cause they hate their own life, and they're miserable fucks.
 So don't overtake it seriously, man.
 It's gonna it's gonna bleed into their life.
 It's gonna erode and poison theirs.
 Just don't...
 This is how people really feel about you at this time.
 This message is not for everyone.
 You'll know if it's for you.
 People feel like you're a powerhouse.


TikTok

 You're resilient.
 You're very capable.
 They see you as someone who's independent, someone who's a go getter, and they see you as someone truly rare and unique.
 You have people who see you as treasure. Someone who has to be respected and honored.
 People see you as someone who benefits them.


TikTok

 And they see you as someone who's down to earth and is never performative.
 You never put on a show, seeking other people's attention.
 You never put people down.
 You never make people feel dumb.
 You're someone that people recognize is important to this world.
 People feel like you should be more famous than you currently are.


TikTok

 And that's not even talking about on a worldwide level.
 People feel like everyone should know you.
 locally.
 And people see you as someone who is very trustworthy, very dependable.
 Someone who gets things done.
 People see you as a machine.
 Okay?
 But with the soul, they see you as top tier.


TikTok

 Upper echelon.
 People admire you.
 People find you to be alluring.
 extraordinary.
 You're very attractive to a lot of people.
 In many different ways.
 You are highly sought after.
 People have to control themselves whenever you come around.
 They don't want to act like fans.
 But they really see you as that person.


TikTok

 As the one to emulate, as the one to aspire to be like.
 They see you as a legend, as a myth.
 They really admire you.
 That's how people really feel about you at this time.
 All right, I just want to take a minute to thank everyone who ordered one or more books from me.
 I'm truly honored and I am grateful for your support.
 And if you ordered all 8 books, I'm humbled by your trust.


TikTok

 It really means a lot to me.
 Let me know in the common section which books you have, and if you received, unblock your money, and shut up brain.
 If you're new here, welcome.
 My name is Chris Josh.
 I'm an author of 8 books, and you can learn more about them and order them by clicking the link in my bio until next time, take care and have a good one.
 I feel like, in this world, your silence is an immediate threat.


TikTok

 for people who crave access that isn't even earned, you know, like, If you're dealing with somebody that takes your silence as like, a complete disrespect to them, you gotta let them go because, bro, not every day somebody wants to talk.
 You know?
 Like, not every day. And I, we also live in a world where you're not meant for everybody, you know, and if you're in a state where you are continuously being pushed to conversation or with people that you don't want to conversation with.


TikTok

 You know what you fuck you do?
 You cleanse those divisions the fuck away.
 You let them the fuck go.
 You walk, you walk away.
 You pack your bags, and you get the fuck on.
 And you cleanse that energy, and you close that door and you lock that key.
 Okay.
 Every time I feel overwhelmed or overstimulated with people, I'm using this.


TikTok

 I'm cleansing that energy to fuck off.
 This physically cleanses that energy to fuck off, because, first of all, we're not dealing with things we don't want to deal with.
 You don't have to deal with something you don't want to deal with.
 You know?
 You can walk away.
 You can release.
 You know?
 Let him go.
 Yeah, these people were all trying to gaslight you like they were for you when they were really doing all this evil, nasty, disgusting shit behind the scenes.


TikTok

 Um, so Durga, the Hindu goddess, that Durga, that I was just talking to, Dur means difficult, and guy means to go, and she is the inaccessible fortress or the invincible one. That is you, my loves.
 The inaccessible fortress and the invincible one.
 You.
 Mm.
 These people can't let you go, collective.
 Your energy, like they cannot let you go.


TikTok

 You're so high on her and the divine's eyes collective.
 You're magical, and here's the raw doll quote.
 Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
 Well, you are the magic collective.
 Ancient alien.
 I just said, like these people could think you're a fucking alien.
 And I just said, I feel like you're a very ancient being.
 Yes, like ancient alien.
 Yeah.
 You're a higher.


TikTok

 Like you're out of this world.
 You're a higher dimensional being.
 Like, you're not from this dimension, collective, like, hey, your consciousness and your soul. are not from here.
 Humor from a much higher realm than this.
 Okay?
 And these people want to know, are you gone forever?
 Uh, duh.
 Duh, duh.
 And then we have Shiva.
 Okay, destroyer and restorer, the ultimate yogi detachment.
 The Shiva for forgiving and easily please.


TikTok

 This is the divine masculine.
 That could be who is single now and that you are their only focus collective.
 This person could be in the military.
 Because they're, like, they're, uh, like somebody wants to come through, like that's hungry like the wolf.
 This could be your divine masculine.
 who detached from you.
 Or you can be the devout masculine, take it out, resonates.
 But somebody's like, uh, lose, control.


TikTok

 When you're not next to me.
 It's breaking my heart right in front of you.
 Can't you see?
 I ran out of breath.
 Anyway, yeah, like more ancient energy, the pre-atomites.
 This was a, um, intelligent race of uh, beans that were here before Adam and Eve.
 Ancient. Okay, that's you, collective.
 And these people are so jealous of you.
 They can't even see straight.


TikTok

 Oh my god, they're so jealous of you collective.
 And there's song by Masked Wolf, and it's like, uh, I feel like it's called Astronaut in the Ocean.
 It's a good song.
 Like, that could be how you feel, collective.
 A star being in the ocean where you're meant to be in the stars and you're stuck here in this ocean.
 You know?
 And as I'm saying ancient, people sense a very ancient, very intense power, like an electric current within your undercurrent.


TikTok

 And you are pure magic.
 You are source magic.
 You don't need this nasty ass black magic.
 Yeah, and somebody.
 Yeah, you should thank your enemies collective and somebody's in this red, red wine.
 Stay close to me.
 Don't let me be in love.
 It's tearing apart.


TikTok

 My blue, blue heart.
 Red, red, wine, you make me feel so fine.
 Give me rocking, I love the time.
 I love that song.
 Well, Somebody in this group, there could be an ex-friend that is now strung out like on drugs and shit because of what they have done to you.
 Yeah, and I feel like this could be like this person who's lost and found and hungry like the wolf, like this Shiva energy.


TikTok

 It's like, I wish I could just make you turn around.
 Turn around and see me cry.
 There's so much I need to say to you.
 So many reasons why you're the only one who really knew me at all.
 Yeah, but this person is like, these people, I'm not saying this person.
 These people are so scared of what you know about them collective and just know that you will overcome all of this.


TikTok

 Like, you will overcome it.
 Yeah, put your fates to the test, collective.
 Some of these people could be going down for money laundering.
 Mm-hmm. Yeah, people definitely see you as like an extraterrestrial collective and you are getting your justice and it's happening publicly whether you know it or not.
 The word is spreading.
 You have created a very notorious reputation for yourself, you and the divine have, working together.
 Yeah, these people are spineless cowards.
 That's why they have to do all this shit in the dark collective.


TikTok

 Because they're weak, spineless cowards.
 All right.
 I'm going to end it right there.
 Actually, let me read a little.
 From my favorite, uh, Journey to the Heart Melody B, meditation book.
 All right, we have August 29th.
 That could be a significant date for you.
 First, heal your heart.
 I checked into the lodge in Sedona, certain I was there to get my job done.


TikTok

 I told the woman behind the desk, a delightful soul with brown hair, brown eyes, and a warm smile, and an open heart, while I was there to begin writing this book.
 Some of y'all could be writing a book or you should write a book.
 Maybe you will, she said, but that's not why you're really here.
 You came here to cleanse the past and heal your broken heart.
 I looked at her in surprise.
 I knew what she said was true.
 Many of us show up in a place in our lives with a particular agenda.
 We think that we are there to get the job done, build a relationship, accomplish a task, then life takes a twist one we didn't quite expect or plan on.


TikTok

 We discover we're at a certain place for a reason different than what we thought.
 The real reason we're there is to cleanse the past and heal our broken heart.
 Healing our heart is worthwhile mission.
 More purposeful, perhaps, than the one what we intended.
 Healing our heart is worthwhile and crucial.
 Some something we often, something that often needs to be done 1st so that we can accomplish what we intended.
 The biggest block to service and love is a broken heart.


TikTok

 To care about life again, to open our hearts, to dare to dream, to risk love again, we must 1st heal our heart.
 Decide on your mission, be clear on your purpose, but remember 1st things need to be done 1st collective.
 Maybe you're where you are today for a reason other than you thought.
 Maybe the 1st thing to do is cleanse your past and heal your heart.
 That's beautiful.
 All right.
 And then I'm going to read one out of this, joy for the journey.
 Run with endurance.


TikTok

 During my 4 years of high school, I ran track and cross country.
 I ran track too.
 I ran 110 meter hot hurdles and I was really, really good.
 I was really close to breaking the school record, just personal fact about me.
 I played pretty much every sport.
 Um, But anyway, I trained for 3 long hours per day.
 I trained to win




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-27 03:55
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

 Um, But that's how it's supposed to play out because again, this person cannot come up with you.
 And if this project is successful, we're like, you know, you put that project out there, it's, you're gonna blow up, both of you're gonna blow up.
 But it's like you're only, you're the one that's only meant to blow up and this person is not.
 So, If that happens, if they like end up stealing the content, stealing the work, the project, It is all for a good reason.


TikTok

 And this is a story that this happened to me.
 It was like, I collaborated with this photographer because he really wanted to collaborate with me.
 They wanted me, you know, he was building his portfolio and he was like, oh yeah, like it could be good for both of us, you know.
 Um, I'm building my portfolio as a photographer, you're building yours, you know, as modeling because I love modeling.
 I got into modeling because people, like, telling me, oh, you should do modeling.
 So I just did it also because I love photography.
 I've always loved photography.


TikTok

 And, um, more also for the, for the fashion, the, like, putting outfits together, that was, like, my,
 That was my thing, like my passion, like, um, putting out it together because if you know me, you know, that I can dress.
 and put some outfits together, together, and, um, you know, that was the main thing that I got into it was to, like, put together looks and, like, make these photo shoots.
 But anyways, so, under 3 looks with this guy, one was like a lingerie, basic, um, shoot, whatever, this was all in the same night that we did these.


TikTok

 We did 3 outfits, and then one was like this futuristic look.
 Um...
 So that one was really cool as well.
 And these two, um, I mean, just finished.
 And there was another one that was, like, kind of, like, Marilyn Monroe style that I styled this look.
 And, um, when it came to him, like, showing me the pictures, he was like, dang, these came out really good.


TikTok

 Like, this is, like, what I would charge, like, 2003 K for, you know, and then I was just like, oh, wow, like, that's awesome.
 Like, I'm so glad, like, it came out really great.
 Like, yeah.
 Um, you know, but we had already agreed on this collaboration, you know, and I ended up renting out a hotel, um, because he lived in LA.
 And I live in San Diego, so, you know, I rented out the hotel, blah, blah, blah.
 Got, like, a two, two bedroom, and, um, you know, part of it was because he, I think he expected me, 'cause he was giving me all this weird vibes, like, expecting me to, like, sleep with him, and there was, I just, I don't do that.


TikTok

 I not gonna do that.
 Um, you know, and, um, it's like, those pictures, they were only good because of me, because of my, um, because of, you know, my looks, whatever it was, it's like, if you take away me from the picture, there's just a chair.
 There's just an empty background, you know, and it's just gonna be like, whatever picture.
 like, what am I looking at?
 You know, but it's like, he just hit me with the, oh, like, this is what I would charge 23000 for, you know, and it's like, okay, we already talked about this is gonna be a collaboration for just both of us, for your purpose and my portfolio.


TikTok

 And it's like, he ends up not sending me the pictures.
 Like, he sent me the lingerie look, but he didn't send me the other 2 looks.
 that he was like, it was mostly the, um, Marilyn Monroe.
 Um, look, that one was like fire, like it was fire, like it was so good.
 And, um, that's the one that he was like, oh, yeah, like, you look really good.
 Like, these came out really good.
 This is what I would charge ball, you know?


TikTok

 And, um, he didn't end up sending me those pictures. And, um, But it was for a reason because if he had, it would have just more like, it would have definitely blown up because they were just, they were really good.
 Um, you know, and um, he wasn't meant for that.
 He wasn't meant to come up with me.
 So, you know, that's how things play out.
 And another thing is, like,


TikTok

 He ended up getting his karma because later on, months later, he posts something about him or his, um, all his equipment getting stolen.
 And then I just saw that.
 I didn't even say anything.
 I didn't ever say anything to him.
 I was just like, you know what, whatever.
 Like, I asked him about him like twice, and then after that, I was like, yeah, he's not.
 He's grimy, like he's not going to give me the pictures.
 And then months later, he posts that his equipment got stolen, and then, like, all I could think was like, oh, that's karma for you stealing my pictures for you, not giving me my pictures when it's like you were, you, you literally agreed you wanted to collaborate, just to collaborate, you know?


TikTok

 And, um, there is never any talk about paying for them or that, and then he wants to hit me with that, you know, and then try and be like, try and give hints of letting me sleeping with him.
 no, no, you know what?
 If that's the case, keep the freaking pictures.
 And I'm gonna keep on doing me without all that grimy, grimy shit, you know?
 And it's, like, he got his karma eventually, and, you know, I don't really do modeling that much, but... It's still, like, something that I enjoy doing.


TikTok

 I'm still doing it with my brand because I have my own clothing brand now, but It's just, like, part of the story, part of the message is, like, when it doesn't work out with people that you are collaborating with, when they try and pull one over you, try and sabotage you, try and steal the content, the work, whatever it is.
 It is all for a good reason, and it is because God is not going to allow these people to come up with you because they just, that's not the life for them.
 They have not been chosen for that, especially if you are somebody who has chosen, you're God star C, you chosen one, annoying to the one, he is not going to allow you to come up with a grimy person or let that grimy person come up with you.


TikTok

 So. Just know if that's happened.
 You know, it was for good reason.
 And it was more of a blessing in disguise.
 If this came across your timeline, then you are in a group of beings who are about to get paid to exist, you're going to get paid for just being you.
 You ain't gonna have to work for this.
 It's not going to be like work to you because it's just going to be you being used.
 Something that you would do for free, you're going to get paid for it.
 I don't know who you are, what you do, but I just know it's time for you to get paid to exist.
 You are so special.
 You are a divine being.


TikTok

 And as you generate the wealth, make sure that you give back to the community because you are going to be paid to exist.
 There's only 2 type of people who come across my page.
 You rather a chosen one, or you got some kind of spirituality because that's what I talk about.
 i channel message from the divine.
 You are going to get paid to exist.
 Like, get ready, prepare.
 You might want to open up some new accounts, open up life insurance policy because whoever you are, you are going to get paid to assist.
 is coming. The time is coming.


TikTok

 The most I said, just give them time.
 It takes time for things to come from the 5D to the 3D.
 You're gonna get paid to assist.
 Keep going, whatever you do, keep going.
 I love you.
 My name is Antoine.
 I share positivity, inspiration, and love.
 Peace to the gods and goddesses.
 I shade.
 I feel like this is just an acknowledgment.
 Do you know what a maddie you are?
 Okay.
 I feel like the universe is so impressed.
 By the way you learn lessons.
 Because I feel like for a lot of people, they have to be met with the same lesson and pattern, time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time and time again.


TikTok

 Before they get the lesson, you know, before they integrate it vibration.
 You, it's like, the universe just gives you a lesson, you integrate it, you move on.
 The amount of death and rebirth that you have been through in this lifetime is actually absolutely insane.
 But the funny part is, I feel like you're at this place.
 Okay, this is cute.
 It's like you're in this place right now where the universe just doesn't even know what lesson to give you.
 Like, you've learned it all.
 I mean, don't get me wrong, we're always growing and healing and for the rest of our life, we will always be.


TikTok

 But it's like, you're in such a good place right now when it comes to like your alignment.
 The universe just doesn't know.
 Like how to trick you?
 Not that they never wants to trick us, but it's like, Our biggest purpose in this lifetime is to grow and awaken.
 So everything that happens in your life is happening with this intention, with this purpose.
 The universe is just stuck right now.
 It's like you trick the universe.
 That's how powerful you are.
 You're literally so spiritually advanced that you trick the universe.


TikTok

 You saw what the universe was doing and you like, Uno reverse.
 You're such a matty.
 like your energy is absolutely Hilarious.
 And you know what's even more funny is you don't realize how like smart and Oh my god, you are so smart.
 You are literally so smart.
 And you understand spiritual laws and spiritual context so deeply.
 Someone made a huge mistake by thinking that they could mess with you on a spiritual level. Whoever I'm speaking to, the mistake was catastrophic.


TikTok

 Because you never were the one to play with.
 Neither was your spiritual team.
 And you'd be minding your business, that's the thing.
 Whenever I'm speaking to, you be minding your business.
 Yet they be trying to be all up in it.
 Look at that candle flickering.
 Mm hmm.
 They be trying to be all up in it.
 Okay, because I got your passion, your drive is unmatched, and as I say that, my phone, it,


TikTok

 is going in and out.
 Like the screen just went black as I said that.
 Somebody did not want you to be seen.
 Somebody did not want you to be seen for all that you are.
 Look at that candle flickering.
 I got, because you are everything and more, on a spiritual level, you are not to be played with.
 I don't know who your family is.
 I don't know who your line is, okay?
 But this ain't your, this ain't your family's 1st rodeo.
 Okay?


TikTok

 You got some heavy hitters on your spiritual team.
 Tap in with them ancestors.
 Some of you guys already are.
 Some of you already are.
 And this energy is patient, right?
 It's almost like kind of one of those things where it's like, I'll let things play out.
 so that you can see the energy that's around you before we step in.
 Right?
 Or even you giving them permission.
 It's like they're flies on the wall watching things happen.
 Somebody, you could have been feeling more lethargic, okay?


TikTok

 Increased appetite, decrease appetite, or just not feeling yourself, right?
 You start something and then for some reason you can't really finish it.
 Or it's just your motivation goes within 24 hours.
 Yeah.
 Somebody was trying to send that energy away, almost like a destiny swap.
 You had people or a person that was watching you heavily.
 And for some of you guys, this is someone that was closer.


TikTok

 It almost had like a front row view of you in some way.
 You could have distanced yourself for this person or felt the need to.
 Let that be your confirmation.
 Almost like something is off.
 Maybe I'm just tripping.
 I feel like that's my second time channeling this type of message.
 222 could be significant, but also 444 is significant to this message.
 You have a lot of protection around you.
 And sometimes your ancestors will allow things to happen.
 So, you know, you can see what's going on behind closed doors, right?


TikTok

 And I just heard a, I just heard a car door closed just now.
 And it's 11 something at night.
 Also, that's where my eyes are so groggy and red because we're at the end of the night, right?
 Maybe somebody wanted you to experience that.
 somebody could have had more allergies as well.
 Or had some type of sickness or felt some type of sickness.
 We rebuke that energy.
 It's not yours to hold.
 That bag is just not yours to hold, so you won't hold it.


TikTok

 anymore.
 It has been released.
 It is releasing, right?
 What somebody wanted to be your end will be your beginning.
 Well, somebody wanted to be your demise would be your rise.
 No, they try to hold you back, but we don't believe in spies.
 Ah, I heard sing chow, sing.


TikTok

 Sing, you won't have that hold on me.
 I release.
 I release.
 Mm.
 Somebody you could like to to do a lot of cleansings while singing.
 I know that's one of my favorite ways.
 Performing things through song.
 Incantations of affirmations, right?
 Rebuking things through song, your voice is very powerful.


TikTok

 I'm spiritual, not religious, but I grew up in a Baptist church, and that was my favorite thing about going to church with my grandmother was the songs.
 Right?
 So almost like taking pieces of things from places, but still utilizing them to, to what you enjoy, right?
 This could be you.
 You could be somebody that makes things out of, out of what feels like nothing, right?
 Or you make things your own.
 Somebody also can be very intuitive when it comes to cooking, right?


TikTok

 That's a gift.
 If you eat food from somebody who's upset, angry, right?
 You're gonna, you're gonna feel that energy after you eat that food.
 That's why when you think about when you eat a lot of fast food and stuff, or you eat one fast food meal, you feel heavy, because a lot of the times people are overworked, unappreciated, and fast food spaces.
 So they're making the food.
 And you're feeling all of that energy in that meal.
 So it's like, yeah, you feel good, then afterwards you feel like, ugh.


TikTok

 It's not to say you can't ever eat fast food, but it's just understanding.
 That's it lowers your frequency, your energy.
 So somebody could have really wanted you to to be in that type of energy.
 as well.
 But whoever I'm speaking to, somebody you've been given has been passed down.
 This gift of cooking, you may know how to naturally cook.
 You may be a natural a natural cook.
 Everything you make just feels good.
 You're putting your love, your energy into it.
 Of me, I didn't start cooking till I had kids. And everything I make, I love.


TikTok

 I like my food better than anybody else's food.
 don't mean I don't eat out.
 But at the end of the day, I'm like, wow.
 You know, and that intuitive cooking is where you be like, oh, this needs a little bit more spice.
 I don't even measure things if I'm making it myself.
 That could be how you are as well.
 Right?
 A little bit more salt in it, a little bit more pepper.
 Mm hmm.
 And I just channel for somebody, we did not play about our food.
 So whoever I'm talking to, your ancestors were foodies as well, they not play about their food.


TikTok

 You know?
 You could even make certain meals into your own, right?
 You see somebody do a recipe and then turn it into your own, right?
 Remix it yourself.
 That alternative version of it.
 And whoever I'm speaking to, you also have a way with your hands, right?
 Golden thumb, Midas touch, healing hands.
 So whatever you make, craft, it's going to be phenomenal.
 Phenomenal, whoever I'm speaking to.


TikTok

 Glend your energy, protect your energy.
 For some of you guys who even still feel, right?
 As if you had some type of hex on you, okay?
 Do a hex spell, okay?
 Cleanse that energy out.
 Core cuttings.
 That's why I made the Hexus bill.
 It's linked in my bio for those of you who need it.
 Also, for those of you who are in digital spaces, because remember, people used to have to go through, fight tooth and nail to get a photo of somebody.


TikTok

 Now they've had full access to you.
 Somebody don't like you, they can just go on your page.
 Send that energy away.
 Look at you.
 Picture you, whatever.
 Somebody even tried to remove view some of you guys, but your ancestors blocked that.
 So they don't actually know what's going on with you.
 Right?
 Somebody could have even felt the ping or something of somebody trying to do that didn't work.
 This video's getting a little lost, so I'm gonna end it here.
 Okay?
 I do have longer form videos and extended readings, et cetera.


TikTok

 in my Patreon.
 It's called the temple.
 So join the temple.
 link will be in a description.
 And for those...
You who need protection on social media, I do have my.
 Digital protection guide as well, because in general, the internet is a portal. You're feeling energy as you scroll.
 When somebody posts a video, they post it with intention.


TikTok

 So it's important because you never know what intention that person has, right?
 And you're feeling whatever that intention was into that video.
 This is also why a lot of people tend to purposely, you know, push not interested in different things like that, or they try to cultivate their algorithm.
 Okay?
 And you can always see when something negative or whatever tries to sneak and mess with you.
 Right?
 You be like, why is this on my algorithm?
 I had to pause there for a 2nd because if you know, you know.


TikTok

 But I post more videos on my YouTube.
 I post there more than any other platform, so make sure that you are subscribed and following me with notifications on. My YouTube is Breeze Tales, okay?
 I only have one page too, on YouTube, and I only have one TikTok, so beware of fake pages and duplicates.
 okay?
 We can't control what others do.
 But it's just breeze tales.
 No extra.
 Someone made a huge mistake by thinking that they could mess with you on a spiritual level.


TikTok

 Whoever I'm speaking to, the mistake was catastrophic.
 Because you never were the one to play with.
 Neither was your spiritual team.
 And you'd be minding your business.
 That's the thing.
 Chosen one.
 You have been closely monitored by the government because at night your body trans...
 Transforms into something that makes their most advanced technology tremble with readings that shouldn't exist.
 Divine intelligence flows through your sleeping form with such intensity that it triggers emergency protocols in monitoring facilities world wide.


TikTok

 Every night when your physical body surrenders to sleep, something extraordinary happens that governments world wide have spent billions trying to understand, and billions more trying to suppress, your seemingly ordinary human form transforms into a broadcasting station of such immense power that it sends shock waves through dimensions most people can't even imagine exist.
 But before we dive deeper into what your sleeping body actually does during those crucial nighttime hours, you need to understand the sophisticated web of surveillance that has been quietly constructed around you.


TikTok

 Advanced satellite networks equipped with electromagnetic stencing capabilities, scan residential areas during peak sleep hours, automatically flagging locations where impossible energy readings occur.
 These aren't the bulky, obvious surveillance vans you might imagine from movies. The monitoring happens through quantum sensors embedded in cell towers, disguised as routine telecommunications infrustrica, broadcasting dual signals that most people never realize exist.


TikTok

 Your home has likely been mapped down to the precise square footage where your electromagnetic field reaches maximum intensity.
 Specialized teams operating under nondisclosure agreements conduct what they call proximity studies, detailed analysis of how your energy signature affects electronic devices, biological systems, and even the molecular structure of materials within your immediate environment.
 They've discovered that plants in your living space grow according to patterns that mirror sacred geometry, while electronic devices experience what they classify as beneficial interference, that actually improves their performance rather than degrading it.


TikTok

 The most disturbing aspect of this surveillance network is how it extends beyond your physical location, your electromagnetic signature creates what intelligence operatives call resonance trails, energy pathways that remain detectable in locations you've visited, people you've interacted with, even objects you've touched for extended periods.
 These trails don't fade according to normal electromagnetic decay patterns.
 Instead, they intensify over time, creating permanent alterations in the quantum field that make those locations and individuals more conducive to spiritual experiences and heightened awareness. Your vehicle, if you own one, has been discreetly retrofitted with monitoring equipment during routine maintenance visits to government contracted service centres.


TikTok

 The modifications are so seamless that even experienced mechanics wouldn't notice them during standard inspections.
 This equipment doesn't just track your location.
 It measures the electromagnetic fluctuations your body generates while traveling, documenting how your energy signature changes.
 How many more sleepless nights does it take before you believe what you've already seen?
 Like how many?
 How many more broken promises?
 How many more, how many more apologies with no change, you know what I mean?


TikTok

 How many more chances are you gonna give away while your own future just sits in a parking lot waiting on you?
 At some point, you know what?
 Enough has to become enough.
 Enough has to become enough, and that's why this message found you today, because your next season is very expensive.
 It's gonna cost you old habits.
 It's gonna cost you a lot of those old conversations.
 It's gonna cost you.
 It's gonna cost you old attachments.
 And guess what?


TikTok

 Yes.
 It might cost you people that you thought would be around forever.
 But some prices are worth paying.
 I can tell you that.
 Some prices are worth paying.
 Some doors only open after you finally let go of the handle on the one behind you.
 You're not walking away because you're weak or anything.
 Stop, get that out your head.
 That's not why you're walking away.
 You're walking away because you finally become strong enough to disappoint the part of you that keeps settling.
 Hear that again in your spirit.
 Hear it again and here.


TikTok

 You're not disappointing them.
 You're disappointed the old version of yourself that believe crumbs were enough.
 Crumbs aren't enough.
 That old you has to go.
 The new you has different standards now, right?
 The new you doesn't confuse inconsistency with potential.
 The new you doesn't build a future based on who somebody could become.
 The new you responds to who they consistently choose to be, right?


TikTok

 That's wisdom.
 And where's number one will save you years of unnecessary pain?
 Years, you know what I mean?
 One of the biggest lives that we tell ourselves is maybe, you know, this time, it'll be different.
 We hear that all the time.
 Oh, maybe this time it'll be different.
 Guess what?
 Sometimes it will.
 But sometimes, that's just hope.
 That's all that is.
 And hope is beautiful, right?
 Don't get me wrong.
 But hope without honesty will keep you stuck in places that you already outgrew.


TikTok

 Tell yourself the truth.
 And the truth might hurt for a little while, if I'm being honest.
 But lies will keep you hurting for years and years and years.
 Tell yourself the truth.
 They made their choice.
 Now, you make yours, right?
 They walk their path.
 Now walk yours.
 Stop standing at windows that nobody's opening for you.
 Build a house where you never have to beg to be let in, right?
 That's what you do in this moment.


TikTok

 And I'm gonna tell you right now, like I always tell you guys, you gonna miss them sometimes.
 You a human being.
 Memories don't just disappear just because you made a healthy decision.
 There will be songs that remind you of them, right?
 It will.
 There will be certain restaurants.
 There would be certain certain streets and certain dates on the calendar.
 That's normal.
 I'm not saying that that's not gonna happen.
 But don't confuse missing somebody with needing them.
 That what I'm trying to get you to understand.
 Those are 2 completely different things.
 You can miss somebody and still know that your future is better without them.


TikTok

 If you don't take nothing else from that, take that.
 That's called growth.
 And we know that growth rarely feels comfortable.
 It stretches you.
 It asks you to keep walking, even when your emotions are trying to pull you backwards.
 Keep walking anyway.
 Every step away from what broke you is a step toward what you can build, right?


TikTok

 And one day, you're gonna wake up and you're gonna realize something.
 The peace that you were looking for, it wasn't hiding in another person.
 And that's what I had to realize.
 It was waiting on the other side of your decisions.
 I have a lot of peace now.
 And it's the day that you finally keep your word with yourself, that's when it's gonna happen.
 The day that you finally stood on business, the day that you stopped chasing what kept running, right?
 But I think that you're finally done.


TikTok

 I think that you're finally tired.
 Just remember, boys, that people shit on you, and your life, it's usually 'cause they hate their own life, and they're miserable fucks.
 So don't overtake it seriously, man.
 It's gonna it's gonna bleed into their life.
 It's gonna erode and poison theirs.
 Just don't...
 This is how people really feel about you at this time.
 This message is not for everyone.
 You'll know if it's for you.
 People feel like you're a powerhouse.


TikTok

 You're resilient.
 You're very capable.
 They see you as someone who's independent, someone who's a go getter, and they see you as someone truly rare and unique.
 You have people who see you as treasure. Someone who has to be respected and honored.
 People see you as someone who benefits them.


TikTok

 And they see you as someone who's down to earth and is never performative.
 You never put on a show, seeking other people's attention.
 You never put people down.
 You never make people feel dumb.
 You're someone that people recognize is important to this world.
 People feel like you should be more famous than you currently are.


TikTok

 And that's not even talking about on a worldwide level.
 People feel like everyone should know you.
 locally.
 And people see you as someone who is very trustworthy, very dependable.
 Someone who gets things done.
 People see you as a machine.
 Okay?
 But with the soul, they see you as top tier.


TikTok

 Upper echelon.
 People admire you.
 People find you to be alluring.
 extraordinary.
 You're very attractive to a lot of people.
 In many different ways.
 You are highly sought after.
 People have to control themselves whenever you come around.
 They don't want to act like fans.
 But they really see you as that person.


TikTok

 As the one to emulate, as the one to aspire to be like.
 They see you as a legend, as a myth.
 They really admire you.
 That's how people really feel about you at this time.
 All right, I just want to take a minute to thank everyone who ordered one or more books from me.
 I'm truly honored and I am grateful for your support.
 And if you ordered all 8 books, I'm humbled by your trust.


TikTok

 It really means a lot to me.
 Let me know in the common section which books you have, and if you received, unblock your money, and shut up brain.
 If you're new here, welcome.
 My name is Chris Josh.
 I'm an author of 8 books, and you can learn more about them and order them by clicking the link in my bio until next time, take care and have a good one.
 I feel like, in this world, your silence is an immediate threat.


TikTok

 for people who crave access that isn't even earned, you know, like, If you're dealing with somebody that takes your silence as like, a complete disrespect to them, you gotta let them go because, bro, not every day somebody wants to talk.
 You know?
 Like, not every day. And I, we also live in a world where you're not meant for everybody, you know, and if you're in a state where you are continuously being pushed to conversation or with people that you don't want to conversation with.


TikTok

 You know what you fuck you do?
 You cleanse those divisions the fuck away.
 You let them the fuck go.
 You walk, you walk away.
 You pack your bags, and you get the fuck on.
 And you cleanse that energy, and you close that door and you lock that key.
 Okay.
 Every time I feel overwhelmed or overstimulated with people, I'm using this.


TikTok

 I'm cleansing that energy to fuck off.
 This physically cleanses that energy to fuck off, because, first of all, we're not dealing with things we don't want to deal with.
 You don't have to deal with something you don't want to deal with.
 You know?
 You can walk away.
 You can release.
 You know?
 Let him go.
 Yeah, these people were all trying to gaslight you like they were for you when they were really doing all this evil, nasty, disgusting shit behind the scenes.


TikTok

 Um, so Durga, the Hindu goddess, that Durga, that I was just talking to, Dur means difficult, and guy means to go, and she is the inaccessible fortress or the invincible one. That is you, my loves.
 The inaccessible fortress and the invincible one.
 You.
 Mm.
 These people can't let you go, collective.
 Your energy, like they cannot let you go.


TikTok

 You're so high on her and the divine's eyes collective.
 You're magical, and here's the raw doll quote.
 Those who don't believe in magic will never find it.
 Well, you are the magic collective.
 Ancient alien.
 I just said, like these people could think you're a fucking alien.
 And I just said, I feel like you're a very ancient being.
 Yes, like ancient alien.
 Yeah.
 You're a higher.


TikTok

 Like you're out of this world.
 You're a higher dimensional being.
 Like, you're not from this dimension, collective, like, hey, your consciousness and your soul. are not from here.
 Humor from a much higher realm than this.
 Okay?
 And these people want to know, are you gone forever?
 Uh, duh.
 Duh, duh.
 And then we have Shiva.
 Okay, destroyer and restorer, the ultimate yogi detachment.
 The Shiva for forgiving and easily please.


TikTok

 This is the divine masculine.
 That could be who is single now and that you are their only focus collective.
 This person could be in the military.
 Because they're, like, they're, uh, like somebody wants to come through, like that's hungry like the wolf.
 This could be your divine masculine.
 who detached from you.
 Or you can be the devout masculine, take it out, resonates.
 But somebody's like, uh, lose, control.


TikTok

 When you're not next to me.
 It's breaking my heart right in front of you.
 Can't you see?
 I ran out of breath.
 Anyway, yeah, like more ancient energy, the pre-atomites.
 This was a, um, intelligent race of uh, beans that were here before Adam and Eve.
 Ancient. Okay, that's you, collective.
 And these people are so jealous of you.
 They can't even see straight.


TikTok

 Oh my god, they're so jealous of you collective.
 And there's song by Masked Wolf, and it's like, uh, I feel like it's called Astronaut in the Ocean.
 It's a good song.
 Like, that could be how you feel, collective.
 A star being in the ocean where you're meant to be in the stars and you're stuck here in this ocean.
 You know?
 And as I'm saying ancient, people sense a very ancient, very intense power, like an electric current within your undercurrent.


TikTok

 And you are pure magic.
 You are source magic.
 You don't need this nasty ass black magic.
 Yeah, and somebody.
 Yeah, you should thank your enemies collective and somebody's in this red, red wine.
 Stay close to me.
 Don't let me be in love.
 It's tearing apart.


TikTok

 My blue, blue heart.
 Red, red, wine, you make me feel so fine.
 Give me rocking, I love the time.
 I love that song.
 Well, Somebody in this group, there could be an ex-friend that is now strung out like on drugs and shit because of what they have done to you.
 Yeah, and I feel like this could be like this person who's lost and found and hungry like the wolf, like this Shiva energy.


TikTok

 It's like, I wish I could just make you turn around.
 Turn around and see me cry.
 There's so much I need to say to you.
 So many reasons why you're the only one who really knew me at all.
 Yeah, but this person is like, these people, I'm not saying this person.
 These people are so scared of what you know about them collective and just know that you will overcome all of this.


TikTok

 Like, you will overcome it.
 Yeah, put your fates to the test, collective.
 Some of these people could be going down for money laundering.
 Mm-hmm. Yeah, people definitely see you as like an extraterrestrial collective and you are getting your justice and it's happening publicly whether you know it or not.
 The word is spreading.
 You have created a very notorious reputation for yourself, you and the divine have, working together.
 Yeah, these people are spineless cowards.
 That's why they have to do all this shit in the dark collective.


TikTok

 Because they're weak, spineless cowards.
 All right.
 I'm going to end it right there.
 Actually, let me read a little.
 From my favorite, uh, Journey to the Heart Melody B, meditation book.
 All right, we have August 29th.
 That could be a significant date for you.
 First, heal your heart.
 I checked into the lodge in Sedona, certain I was there to get my job done.


TikTok

 I told the woman behind the desk, a delightful soul with brown hair, brown eyes, and a warm smile, and an open heart, while I was there to begin writing this book.
 Some of y'all could be writing a book or you should write a book.
 Maybe you will, she said, but that's not why you're really here.
 You came here to cleanse the past and heal your broken heart.
 I looked at her in surprise.
 I knew what she said was true.
 Many of us show up in a place in our lives with a particular agenda.
 We think that we are there to get the job done, build a relationship, accomplish a task, then life takes a twist one we didn't quite expect or plan on.


TikTok

 We discover we're at a certain place for a reason different than what we thought.
 The real reason we're there is to cleanse the past and heal our broken heart.
 Healing our heart is worthwhile mission.
 More purposeful, perhaps, than the one what we intended.
 Healing our heart is worthwhile and crucial.
 Some something we often, something that often needs to be done 1st so that we can accomplish what we intended.
 The biggest block to service and love is a broken heart.


TikTok

 To care about life again, to open our hearts, to dare to dream, to risk love again, we must 1st heal our heart.
 Decide on your mission, be clear on your purpose, but remember 1st things need to be done 1st collective.
 Maybe you're where you are today for a reason other than you thought.
 Maybe the 1st thing to do is cleanse your past and heal your heart.
 That's beautiful.
 All right.
 And then I'm going to read one out of this, joy for the journey.
 Run with endurance.


TikTok

 During my 4 years of high school, I ran track and cross country.
 I ran track too.
 I ran 110 meter hot hurdles and I was really, really good.
 I was really close to breaking the school record, just personal fact about me.
 I played pretty much every sport.
 Um, But anyway, I trained for 3 long hours per day.
 I trained to win.
 I also did the triple jump in the 4 by 2 relay.
 But I trained with when race day came.
 I was ready.
 Standing on the starting line, gun ready to fire, adrenaline pumping, I occasionally wondered, can I really do this?


TikTok

 Then I would look up and see the crowds and my teammates ready to cheer me on.
 In Christ, we've been called to run a wonderful race, a race to pursue his presence and his purposes.
 Sin keeps us from being able to run that race the way God intended.
 Let us follow Christ's example and turn away from any vice that keeps us from running well.
 Dear saint, do not give up.
 Run, run, run.
 Jesus himself sits among the great, the great crowd cheering you on.
 Yes, collective, and then since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, let us lay aside every weight and sin which so easily ensnares us and let us run with endurance the race that is set before us, looking unto Jesus, the author and finisher of our faith.


TikTok

 Hebrews 1212.
 And then here's another one.
 Those who wait on the Lord shall renew their strength.
 They shall mount up with wings like eels.
 They shall run and not be weary.
 They shall walk and not faint.
 Isaiah 40.
 Damn, I can't see that.
 40, 31 it looks like.
 And then I can do all things through Christ who strengthens me.
 Philippians 4.13.
 All right, y'all.
 I love y'all so much.
 I hope you have a wonderful day.
 I'm going to do one more, I think, before I go to work.
 So, I'll be back, but thank you so much.


TikTok

 Have a wonderful day.
 So there's a lot of like people in the spiritual community realizing that they got to really integrate who they are, with the other aspects of who they are.
 You got to integrate your highest self with your little soul.
 You got to integrate your shadow, your light.
 You feel me?
 And as a spiritual being, you gotta, you gotta integrate that with the human experience, being a human.


TikTok

 And when people say they going back into the Matrix, that don't mean, like, they going to be like that guy.
 Like, from the movie to Matrix, that went back into it.
 Like, he just act like he don't know the truth.
 No, we still know the truth.
 We still aware.
 We still spiritual beings, you feel me?
 But we still having the experience, just because we going back into the matrix don't mean that we about to forget everything and just become a sheep again and just blindly follow and blindly do things and just live solely for the flesh and materialism.


TikTok

 And look, no, that's not what that means.
 It's just that you want to integrate the two.
 You're gonna be in the world, but not of the world.
You feel me?
 A 10 of us just isolating the whole entire time.
 Like, oh, I can't talk to nobody because you feel me?
 And don't get me wrong, I'm naturally like this.
 I just naturally don't like to talk to everybody unless you got substance, but I'm gonna still go on into the world.
 I'm going to still go into certain careers, still doing who I am.


TikTok

 And spread the gospel like that.
 You feel me?
 And I think a lot of people just getting some of these creators wrong.
 It's like, nah, you don't get it.
 I guess you just haven't been on your journey that long enough to realize, you know, it stages to this shit, bro.
 It's stages. And it's going to get to the point where you start seeing spirit and everything.
 You start seeing God and everybody, regardless if they're aware or not.
 You feel me?
 But you still move with the, you still move with the sermon.


TikTok

 You still move accordingly.
 You feel me?
 You're not, oh, yeah, being a dummy.
 You being conscious of what you're doing and why you're doing it, but you still gonna live your fucking life and you still gonna realize what work to me may not work for another person.
 You feel me?
 Some people won't be vegan, some people gonna still eat meat.
 Some people still want, you know, smoke tree.
 Some people not.
 Some people gonna really be out there.


TikTok

 effing and sucking.
 while some people just gonna be like, all right, that's cool.
 Y'all can hide that.
 But I feel better when I'm not doing that.
 all throughout the month and all throughout the year.
 You feel me?
 And there's no judgment.
 It just is what it is.
 If that truly works for that person and they're being honest with themselves that, hey, this is the season I'm in and this is what's going to help me or there's no harm in what I'm doing.
 Then that's for them.
 But if they're lying to themselves, lying to you ain't, don't even matter.
 You shouldn't even care.
 somebody lying to you.


TikTok

 So there's a lot of, like, people in the spiritual community.
 realizing that they got to really integrate who they are, with the other aspects of who they are.
 You got to integrate your highest self with your little self.
 with the human experience.
 Be all there.
 Collective, you have someone or maybe one or 2 someone's who feel as if you are their soulmate.
 Baby, I'm talking about, you are the apple of their eye.


TikTok

 And quiet is kept, they feel as if they shouldn't keep that shit quiet no more.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 I'm talking about they want to really inquire and confirm with you if feelings may be mutual or if you ever, once upon a motherfucking me time, even got the inclination that maybe they 2 were your, your mutual, your, um, your, uh, soulmates or, you know, the love of their life or, you know, like, if you guys possess some type of, some type of connection on a, on a molecular level, you did,


TikTok

 what I'm saying on a really spiritual level that, you know, supersedes anything that either one of you have ever experienced in this lifetime.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They feel like they've experienced you in a past lifetime, which is why, shit, baby, they want to get intimate with the sentiment of getting intimate again.
 Because they feel as if it was just be you guys catching up.
 You did what I'm saying.
 And believe you me, they would love nothing more than to, than to, you know, chop it up, which you shoot the shit, to get a little intimate, to get a little up close and personal, to see if, to see if the feeling that they believe is truly there is, is real, or maybe if it's a figment of their imagination, or maybe if they're delusional, you dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 And for some of you, this is a general, you know, channel message. For some of you, I don't even usually do channel messages like this about love and shit, but here it is.
 And but for some of you, you might have secret admirers who who really want to come forth to express their feelings to you.
 Hell, they don't even care if you feel the same.
 However, they lack, not as if they're lesser than, not as if they're inferior or whatever.
 It's just that they lack the confidence of self-awareness to approach someone of your caliber in a way that they feel as if would be organic. And, you know, in a way that would put them in the best light possible or in a way to where they feel as if they're truly putting their best foot forward.


TikTok

 They might feel as if they got to get some things squared away.
 They have to get their affairs in order.
 Maybe they got to get their money up and maybe, you know, they have to, there are certain things or prerequisites.
 They feel like they need before they can truly approach you or truly make an attempt to come into some type of union and or partnership with you.
 You did what I'm saying.
 So that way they feel as if you guys will have the best chance going forward to truly flourish, to to truly bloom.
 You dig what I'm saying?


TikTok

 And collective, people are able to perceive from the outside looking at my friend that you have a special kind of love.
 You provide a special kind of love.
 Your love is timeless.
 And it transcends all expectation and all, all knowledge of what a lot of people would consider to even be, you know, real true love, because a lot of people settle for less when they know they deserve more.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying.
 And that is why a lot of people feel like they lack.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 However, you don't adhere to that type of cognitive dissonance, which is why people feel like they need to have their affairs in order when they approach you.
 They know that they need to show up, not only healed, but whole, and I mean, not in a real motherfucking me way.
 You are very open and accepting.
 You are, you know, very attuned to both your masculine and feminine energy.
 So, you know, you're balanced as it pertains.


TikTok

 I said, balance, but my shit is like this.
 You are very balanced.
 Is that balance? that balance?
 You know what I mean.
 You are balanced as it, you know, pertains to that sentiment.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And so that's why people want to make sure they show up whole, show up hill, you did what I'm saying?
 Because maybe they want this to go to distance.
 I'm talking about until you're old and gray, into your golden years.
 You dig what I'm saying, baby?
 they want the, they want the wraparound porch on, on 50 acres of land.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Both of y'all got, you know, rocking chairs out in that motherfucker just looking off into the distance.
 early morning.
 Nice hot tea or coffee.
 Hell, just water.
 Hell, just y'all, each other.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Y'all and intoxicate each other.
 Y will caffeinate each other.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Oh my goodness.
 And thank you, spirit.
 Then all of a sudden, the soft serene sounds of the cooing of a morning dove.


TikTok

 Just singing, singing songs of the love that you guys share out into the ethers.
 while you guys just dang.
 And I'm not, you did what I'm saying.
 I'm not even like a WW type person or nothing, but this is the energy that I'm getting right now in the collective. And not to mention collective, there are there are some people, those who are like secret admirers.
 They are truly looking at you like a snack.
 Believe you me.
 They, they are looking at you and they, they can't help but to undress you.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, with their eyes.
 They can't help but to, you know, fantasize and and really imagine what it would be like to have you in more than one way, not to possess you, not to rule over you, not to be a dictator.
 You did what I'm saying, not as if you are some item, because you are priceless, but they they would like to have you in more ways than one.
 And believe you me, I'm sure you have enough motherfucking me discernment to know in what ways I might be referencing or hell, take or resonate.


TikTok

 You dig what I was saying, but either way, collective, they want to just share.
 They want to share a lot of parts of themselves with you that they feel as if they wouldn't be able to share with anybody else.
 You did what I'm saying, or that they just don't feel inclined to share with anybody else, or they don't find other people to be trustworthy.
 You did what I'm saying or other people to be accepting.
 And not as if you're just out here accepting anything, like, no, but you allow for people to come as they are and you don't judge them while they do it.


TikTok

 You don't degrade them while they do it.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You aren't going to shame them while they do it.
 And this is why people feel like they can trust you.
 That already draws them in.
 It's very alluring.
 You did what I'm saying.
 And, you know, they.
 They really just.
 I'm not even going to take it there because I might be inappropriate for TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, whatever.


TikTok

 But, you know, you know.
 You did what I'm saying.
 And plus you just have this energy about you.
 so charming.
 You're so shivalrous.
 And your energy is so appealing and so well received because of, you know, this, how you're all, you're always operating out of the energy of love.
 You did what I'm saying, the highest frequency above type shit.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And so it automatically makes your energy just so potent and so attractive.


TikTok

 You did what I'm saying.
 Like moths to a flame type shit.
 And so, since your energy is so, so thick, you can cut it with a knife.
 People, they want to they want to cut the shit and they want to cut to the chase.
 And, you know, they want to go ahead and see what can come about.
 Um, you know, uh, relationship between you 2 or, you know, they want to see if, um, they want you to confirm their suspicions on if maybe you might feel the same.


TikTok

 I don't know.
 shit.
 Take or resonate.
 If it don't resonate, get the fuck on.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Either way, yeah, collector.
 That's about it.
 Yeah, because your love is so transcendent.
 You have a love that is kind, that is compassionate, that is considerate.
 And you have a love that is very much so rooted in transparency, so that way people know where you stand.
 So that way people know the intentions that you have for them.
 The expectations that you have for the relationship or the union or partnership or whatever, you dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 So that is another, you know, motivating factor for people to want to go ahead and get to you plus they know for show that you probably won't be up for grabs or on the market for long or that, you know, you are celibate and very much so, you know, rooted in your own energy.
 So they just want to come correct.
 Otherwise, they're not going to come at all.
 But believe me, baby, they're gonna come.
 And celebrate yourself even if other people don't see you worth celebrating.
 I just had to tell myself, Shawty, you doing so good?


TikTok

 Like, you doing so good.
 You doing everything that you said.
 you was gonna do.
 And it probably don't fit into their cookie cutter plan that you had in your head like I'm gonna do this.
 I'm gonna do this, I'm gonna do this.
 But every roadblock you had, you conquered it and you didn't let it stop.
 You shut it like, you got to give yourself credit for that.
 Like, it was hard, but you did let it stop you.
 Like, I had a few slip ups, but I realized that them things I'm calling slip ups was my old personality.


TikTok

 I called my old personality a slip up, which means I'm changing.
 And it's hard because the people I thought I would be experiencing this moment with, they not here with me, but they still got a heartbeat. And that hurt a little different, like, it hit a little different when they still got a heartbeat.
 And it's people that I still love that I'm realizing like, I probably got to cut up, cut them off, and it's not because I feel like I'm better than you.
 It's just like, it's easy for me to slip up, so I got to guard my mind.


TikTok

 I gotta guard my heart.
 And I'm battling with myself like, am I leaving them behind? If I'm, am I not leaving them with a golly example to follow?
 But then part of me like, I'm gonna come back for y'all later because right now I got to make sure I get to this point where that stuff don't affect me, but I'm still fresh.
 Like, I'm still fresh, so I gotta make sure I'm guarding my heart.
 And it kind of hurt because it's like, dang.
 But I gotta get myself credit, like you doing so, so good.
 It just hurt because certain people ain't around.


TikTok

 And I'm not saying get get content and like get stuck here and don't, you know what I'm saying?
 Don't keep improving.
 But what I'm saying is, sit in a moment that you not who you used to be.
 You not who you used to be.
 This one of the only times that I can really look back and say, I changed for so many years, I stayed the same person, wondering why it's not figuring, why I'm not changing, like, but when I start getting closer to God, I start reading my Bible.
 I started being intentional with, you know, you know, all my moves.
 This is the fruit, like, I'm changing.


TikTok

 I'm a whole different person.
 So, like, I just want you to, like, just take a moment to celebrate the person that you are now, even if other people don't see it as work as worth celebrating, you know how hard it was for you to get to this point, like, you know how hard it was for you to get to this point, and I'm very, very proud of you, and I'm also very, very proud of me.
 Very, very proud of us.
 So have a great night.
 This person is exhausted from trying to keep up with you.


TikTok

 This message is not for everyone.
 You'll know if it's for you.
 If you were to take 4 weeks off, this person would never show up.
 Why?
 Because they need you for inspiration.
 They think they can catch up to you.
 But they're exhausted.
 They can hardly breathe.
 They need their inhaler because they're having an asthma attack just trying to keep up with you.


TikTok

 It's impossible.
 Because you have the most high God in your corner.
 They don't.
 You have the ultimate backing.
 The ultimate support.
 The most creative is on your side.
 Guiding you every step of the way.
 They don't have any of that.
 They need you to show up so they can show up.
 But you're always at least 10 steps ahead of them.
 They need you in order to take the next step.


TikTok

 That's why if you were to take off for a few weeks.
 This person would vanish because they wouldn't have any inspiration.
 They have no creativity.
 They have no direction.
 Without you, they don't know what to do next.
 They're trying to keep up with you.
 But that's an impossible task.
 They will never be able to get on your level because you have a special connection with God.


TikTok

 You have special resources, they will never have access to.
 If both of you read the same material, You would extract so much more than they ever will be able to.
 And you will be able to build that resource




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:08
PROMPT_DATA: Hi

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:23
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Say this, I can't say that.
 You're allowing yourself to just be like, well, what happens if I decide to just like let myself go?
 You know what I mean?
 And let it all flow freely.
 I don't know why I just did that with my hair, but I feel like there's this energy here of like, let's go.
 Like, I gotta, I gotta prepare.
 I got to get ready.
 Like, I'm done with all of this stuff, like kind of around.
 yeah, the higher hair was around my neck and so there's this feeling of needing to get rid of things that are like strapping you in




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:23
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Say this, I can't say that.
 You're allowing yourself to just be like, well, what happens if I decide to just like let myself go?
 You know what I mean?
 And let it all flow freely.
 I don't know why I just did that with my hair, but I feel like there's this energy here of like, let's go.
 Like, I gotta, I gotta prepare.
 I got to get ready.
 Like, I'm done with all of this stuff, like kind of around.
 Yeah, the higher hair was around my neck and so there's this feeling of needing to get rid of things that are like strapping you in or holding you back or like in your way so that you can feel free and you can feel open.


TikTok

 Um, What even is this message right now?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 But I trust if you're here and you're driving with this, this is for you.
 This is resonating with you for a reason.
 And spirit was bringing this through for a reason.
 You are not stuck.
 You are steeping, my friend, like a fine ass wine.
 Is what I just heard, like a fine fricking wine, like a good quality herbal tea.
 You are providing yourself with this luxury of giving yourself this layered depth.
 Yeah, so that you can emerge.


TikTok

 As someone who fully has this like unapologetic richness to you.
 And other people, it's like I'm hearing and I'm seeing, I'm hearing and I'm seeing both. Like, when people look at you, they're going to be like, wow, something's really different about that person.
 I can't put my finger on it.
 I don't know exactly what it is, but something about them is different.
 It's the inner work that you have been and are doing, and it is the ability to be able to allow yourself to pull out that richness, to pull out that depth that's always been within you, but you have, you've suppressed it, because other people have told you to, for one reason or another.


TikTok

 And now this is you finally reclaiming those parts of yourself that do not need to be hidden away that do not need to be, um, tamed down.
 It's like I'm seeing someone adding water to a T.
 Your tea is beautiful and perfect, and rich, and maybe a little bit better.
 Because you have some of the herbs that are that are really coming through really strongly, but your tea is perfect just as it is.
 You don't have to water it down.
 You do not have to make yourself smaller in order to help other people feel comfortable.


TikTok

 Because they have fragile egos.
 Because they just can't hang with someone. Like, the work that you're doing is providing you with a richness and a character depth that other people may feel threatened by.
 They may feel like they need to push you down in order to make themselves feel better.
 You know, crabs in a bucket.
 If you see one crab climbing to the top, other crabs pull it down because they're like, whoa, you can't do that.
 Who gave you the right to be able to act in this way?
 And uh, and you're just doing you.


TikTok

 You're just doing you.
 So anyway.
 I trust that the Celts.
 I love you so much.
 You ever notice how their child that tells the truth become a problem in the family?
 Not the liar, not the manipulator.
 Not the one causing damage.
 The one telling the truth.
 So y'all learned something the hard way.
 In dysfunction of families, the truth is a threat.
 Tier family got an unspoken agreement.
 Don't talk about what happened.
 Don't question Mama.
 Don't question daddy.
 Don't bring up that abuse.
 Don't mention a favoritism.
 Don't speak on the addictions.
 Just act normal.


TikTok

 In the moment that one child grows up and says, nah, that wasn't normal.
 Everything changed.
 Because truth disrupts the system, dysfunctional systems don't protect what's right.
 They protect what's familiar.
 That why when you start healing and speaking up, setting boundaries, calling stuff what it is.
 They call you disrespectful.
 They say you're putting your family on front street.
 They call you difficult.
 They say you change.
 They say you think you better than everybody else.
 But what they really mean is, you start participating in the family lot.
 And that makes people uncomfortable because some family members built their whole survival around pretending, pretending it didn't hurt, pretending it didn't happen, pretending to damage wasn't damaged.


TikTok

 When you tell the truth, you force everybody to look at what they bury.
 and a lot of




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:25
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Say this, I can't say that.
 You're allowing yourself to just be like, well, what happens if I decide to just like let myself go?
 You know what I mean?
 And let it all flow freely.
 I don't know why I just did that with my hair, but I feel like there's this energy here of like, let's go.
 Like, I gotta, I gotta prepare.
 I got to get ready.
 Like, I'm done with all of this stuff, like kind of around.
 Yeah, the higher hair was around my neck and so there's this feeling of needing to get rid of things that are like strapping you in or holding you back or like in your way so that you can feel free and you can feel open.


TikTok

 Um, What even is this message right now?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 But I trust if you're here and you're driving with this, this is for you.
 This is resonating with you for a reason.
 And spirit was bringing this through for a reason.
 You are not stuck.
 You are steeping, my friend, like a fine ass wine.
 Is what I just heard, like a fine fricking wine, like a good quality herbal tea.
 You are providing yourself with this luxury of giving yourself this layered depth.
 Yeah, so that you can emerge.


TikTok

 As someone who fully has this like unapologetic richness to you.
 And other people, it's like I'm hearing and I'm seeing, I'm hearing and I'm seeing both. Like, when people look at you, they're going to be like, wow, something's really different about that person.
 I can't put my finger on it.
 I don't know exactly what it is, but something about them is different.
 It's the inner work that you have been and are doing, and it is the ability to be able to allow yourself to pull out that richness, to pull out that depth that's always been within you, but you have, you've suppressed it, because other people have told you to, for one reason or another.


TikTok

 And now this is you finally reclaiming those parts of yourself that do not need to be hidden away that do not need to be, um, tamed down.
 It's like I'm seeing someone adding water to a T.
 Your tea is beautiful and perfect, and rich, and maybe a little bit better.
 Because you have some of the herbs that are that are really coming through really strongly, but your tea is perfect just as it is.
 You don't have to water it down.
 You do not have to make yourself smaller in order to help other people feel comfortable.


TikTok

 Because they have fragile egos.
 Because they just can't hang with someone. Like, the work that you're doing is providing you with a richness and a character depth that other people may feel threatened by.
 They may feel like they need to push you down in order to make themselves feel better.
 You know, crabs in a bucket.
 If you see one crab climbing to the top, other crabs pull it down because they're like, whoa, you can't do that.
 Who gave you the right to be able to act in this way?
 And uh, and you're just doing you.


TikTok

 You're just doing you.
 So anyway.
 I trust that the Celts.
 I love you so much.
 You ever notice how their child that tells the truth become a problem in the family?
 Not the liar, not the manipulator.
 Not the one causing damage.
 The one telling the truth.
 So y'all learned something the hard way.
 In dysfunction of families, the truth is a threat.
 Tier family got an unspoken agreement.
 Don't talk about what happened.
 Don't question Mama.
 Don't question daddy.
 Don't bring up that abuse.
 Don't mention a favoritism.
 Don't speak on the addictions.
 Just act normal.


TikTok

 In the moment that one child grows up and says, nah, that wasn't normal.
 Everything changed.
 Because truth disrupts the system, dysfunctional systems don't protect what's right.
 They protect what's familiar.
 That why when you start healing and speaking up, setting boundaries, calling stuff what it is.
 They call you disrespectful.
 They say you're putting your family on front street.
 They call you difficult.
 They say you change.
 They say you think you better than everybody else.
 But what they really mean is, you start participating in the family lot.
 And that makes people uncomfortable because some family members built their whole survival around pretending, pretending it didn't hurt, pretending it didn't happen, pretending to damage wasn't damaged.


TikTok

 When you tell the truth, you force everybody to look at what they bury.
 And a lot of people would rather protect the illusion than face the truth.
 That why the truth teller becomes the target, not because they lied, but because they're exposed a lot that everybody else agreed to live in.
 And listen to me carefully.
 If telling the truth made you the villain in your own family, you will probably the cycle break, because healthy families, they heal through truth.
 One day my daughter asks me something that stopped me in my tracks and I never forget it.
 She said, dad, how are you and mom from the same place, but y'all so different?


TikTok

 And I knew what she meant, but I asked her to explain.
 She said, Mama yells a lot.
 She fuss.
 She's mad all the time.
 But you, you're calm, you listen, and you understand it.
 So I told her the truth.
 I said, look, where we come from, we saw a lot of trauma growing up.
 The way that we was raised, the way our parents talked to us, the things we saw in our homes and in our neighborhoods, a lot of that wasn't healthy.
 And when kids grow up around trauma, 2 things usually happen.


TikTok

 Some people grow up and they go get help.
 They learn, they reflect, they work on themselves, so they can break those cycles.
 And then there are people who never address their trauma.
 So their behavior, their reactions, their parenting, it'd end up looking just like the people who raised them and the trauma spills on to everybody around it.
 The kids, their relationships, everybody.
 Then I told my daughter something real.
 I said, the truth is, I want to whoop y'all sometimes because that's what happened to me when I got in trouble.


TikTok

 I want to yell sometimes because that's what happened to me.
 When I made mistakes.
 That's what I was taught, but I also remember what that felt like.
 I remember feeling like my




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:25
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Say this, I can't say that.
 You're allowing yourself to just be like, well, what happens if I decide to just like let myself go?
 You know what I mean?
 And let it all flow freely.
 I don't know why I just did that with my hair, but I feel like there's this energy here of like, let's go.
 Like, I gotta, I gotta prepare.
 I got to get ready.
 Like, I'm done with all of this stuff, like kind of around.
 Yeah, the higher hair was around my neck and so there's this feeling of needing to get rid of things that are like strapping you in or holding you back or like in your way so that you can feel free and you can feel open.


TikTok

 Um, What even is this message right now?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 But I trust if you're here and you're driving with this, this is for you.
 This is resonating with you for a reason.
 And spirit was bringing this through for a reason.
 You are not stuck.
 You are steeping, my friend, like a fine ass wine.
 Is what I just heard, like a fine fricking wine, like a good quality herbal tea.
 You are providing yourself with this luxury of giving yourself this layered depth.
 Yeah, so that you can emerge.


TikTok

 As someone who fully has this like unapologetic richness to you.
 And other people, it's like I'm hearing and I'm seeing, I'm hearing and I'm seeing both. Like, when people look at you, they're going to be like, wow, something's really different about that person.
 I can't put my finger on it.
 I don't know exactly what it is, but something about them is different.
 It's the inner work that you have been and are doing, and it is the ability to be able to allow yourself to pull out that richness, to pull out that depth that's always been within you, but you have, you've suppressed it, because other people have told you to, for one reason or another.


TikTok

 And now this is you finally reclaiming those parts of yourself that do not need to be hidden away that do not need to be, um, tamed down.
 It's like I'm seeing someone adding water to a T.
 Your tea is beautiful and perfect, and rich, and maybe a little bit better.
 Because you have some of the herbs that are that are really coming through really strongly, but your tea is perfect just as it is.
 You don't have to water it down.
 You do not have to make yourself smaller in order to help other people feel comfortable.


TikTok

 Because they have fragile egos.
 Because they just can't hang with someone. Like, the work that you're doing is providing you with a richness and a character depth that other people may feel threatened by.
 They may feel like they need to push you down in order to make themselves feel better.
 You know, crabs in a bucket.
 If you see one crab climbing to the top, other crabs pull it down because they're like, whoa, you can't do that.
 Who gave you the right to be able to act in this way?
 And uh, and you're just doing you.


TikTok

 You're just doing you.
 So anyway.
 I trust that the Celts.
 I love you so much.
 You ever notice how their child that tells the truth become a problem in the family?
 Not the liar, not the manipulator.
 Not the one causing damage.
 The one telling the truth.
 So y'all learned something the hard way.
 In dysfunction of families, the truth is a threat.
 Tier family got an unspoken agreement.
 Don't talk about what happened.
 Don't question Mama.
 Don't question daddy.
 Don't bring up that abuse.
 Don't mention a favoritism.
 Don't speak on the addictions.
 Just act normal.


TikTok

 In the moment that one child grows up and says, nah, that wasn't normal.
 Everything changed.
 Because truth disrupts the system, dysfunctional systems don't protect what's right.
 They protect what's familiar.
 That why when you start healing and speaking up, setting boundaries, calling stuff what it is.
 They call you disrespectful.
 They say you're putting your family on front street.
 They call you difficult.
 They say you change.
 They say you think you better than everybody else.
 But what they really mean is, you start participating in the family lot.
 And that makes people uncomfortable because some family members built their whole survival around pretending, pretending it didn't hurt, pretending it didn't happen, pretending to damage wasn't damaged.


TikTok

 When you tell the truth, you force everybody to look at what they bury.
 And a lot of people would rather protect the illusion than face the truth.
 That why the truth teller becomes the target, not because they lied, but because they're exposed a lot that everybody else agreed to live in.
 And listen to me carefully.
 If telling the truth made you the villain in your own family, you will probably the cycle break, because healthy families, they heal through truth.
 One day my daughter asks me something that stopped me in my tracks and I never forget it.
 She said, dad, how are you and mom from the same place, but y'all so different?


TikTok

 And I knew what she meant, but I asked her to explain.
 She said, Mama yells a lot.
 She fuss.
 She's mad all the time.
 But you, you're calm, you listen, and you understand it.
 So I told her the truth.
 I said, look, where we come from, we saw a lot of trauma growing up.
 The way that we was raised, the way our parents talked to us, the things we saw in our homes and in our neighborhoods, a lot of that wasn't healthy.
 And when kids grow up around trauma, 2 things usually happen.


TikTok

 Some people grow up and they go get help.
 They learn, they reflect, they work on themselves, so they can break those cycles.
 And then there are people who never address their trauma.
 So their behavior, their reactions, their parenting, it'd end up looking just like the people who raised them and the trauma spills on to everybody around it.
 The kids, their relationships, everybody.
 Then I told my daughter something real.
 I said, the truth is, I want to whoop y'all sometimes because that's what happened to me when I got in trouble.


TikTok

 I want to yell sometimes because that's what happened to me.
 When I made mistakes.
 That's what I was taught, but I also remember what that felt like.
 I remember feeling like my parent hated me.
 Not corrected, not taught, hated.
 I didn't feel listened to.
 I didn't feel nurtured.
 I didn't feel understood.
 And I promised myself my kids would never feel the same way.
 Now, don't get it twisted.
 Still firm.
 My kids still have boundaries.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:29
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Say this, I can't say that.
 You're allowing yourself to just be like, well, what happens if I decide to just like let myself go?
 You know what I mean?
 And let it all flow freely.
 I don't know why I just did that with my hair, but I feel like there's this energy here of like, let's go.
 Like, I gotta, I gotta prepare.
 I got to get ready.
 Like, I'm done with all of this stuff, like kind of around.
 Yeah, the higher hair was around my neck and so there's this feeling of needing to get rid of things that are like strapping you in or holding you back or like in your way so that you can feel free and you can feel open.


TikTok

 Um, What even is this message right now?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 But I trust if you're here and you're driving with this, this is for you.
 This is resonating with you for a reason.
 And spirit was bringing this through for a reason.
 You are not stuck.
 You are steeping, my friend, like a fine ass wine.
 Is what I just heard, like a fine fricking wine, like a good quality herbal tea.
 You are providing yourself with this luxury of giving yourself this layered depth.
 Yeah, so that you can emerge.


TikTok

 As someone who fully has this like unapologetic richness to you.
 And other people, it's like I'm hearing and I'm seeing, I'm hearing and I'm seeing both. Like, when people look at you, they're going to be like, wow, something's really different about that person.
 I can't put my finger on it.
 I don't know exactly what it is, but something about them is different.
 It's the inner work that you have been and are doing, and it is the ability to be able to allow yourself to pull out that richness, to pull out that depth that's always been within you, but you have, you've suppressed it, because other people have told you to, for one reason or another.


TikTok

 And now this is you finally reclaiming those parts of yourself that do not need to be hidden away that do not need to be, um, tamed down.
 It's like I'm seeing someone adding water to a T.
 Your tea is beautiful and perfect, and rich, and maybe a little bit better.
 Because you have some of the herbs that are that are really coming through really strongly, but your tea is perfect just as it is.
 You don't have to water it down.
 You do not have to make yourself smaller in order to help other people feel comfortable.


TikTok

 Because they have fragile egos.
 Because they just can't hang with someone. Like, the work that you're doing is providing you with a richness and a character depth that other people may feel threatened by.
 They may feel like they need to push you down in order to make themselves feel better.
 You know, crabs in a bucket.
 If you see one crab climbing to the top, other crabs pull it down because they're like, whoa, you can't do that.
 Who gave you the right to be able to act in this way?
 And uh, and you're just doing you.


TikTok

 You're just doing you.
 So anyway.
 I trust that the Celts.
 I love you so much.
 You ever notice how their child that tells the truth become a problem in the family?
 Not the liar, not the manipulator.
 Not the one causing damage.
 The one telling the truth.
 So y'all learned something the hard way.
 In dysfunction of families, the truth is a threat.
 Tier family got an unspoken agreement.
 Don't talk about what happened.
 Don't question Mama.
 Don't question daddy.
 Don't bring up that abuse.
 Don't mention a favoritism.
 Don't speak on the addictions.
 Just act normal.


TikTok

 In the moment that one child grows up and says, nah, that wasn't normal.
 Everything changed.
 Because truth disrupts the system, dysfunctional systems don't protect what's right.
 They protect what's familiar.
 That why when you start healing and speaking up, setting boundaries, calling stuff what it is.
 They call you disrespectful.
 They say you're putting your family on front street.
 They call you difficult.
 They say you change.
 They say you think you better than everybody else.
 But what they really mean is, you start participating in the family lot.
 And that makes people uncomfortable because some family members built their whole survival around pretending, pretending it didn't hurt, pretending it didn't happen, pretending to damage wasn't damaged.


TikTok

 When you tell the truth, you force everybody to look at what they bury.
 And a lot of people would rather protect the illusion than face the truth.
 That why the truth teller becomes the target, not because they lied, but because they're exposed a lot that everybody else agreed to live in.
 And listen to me carefully.
 If telling the truth made you the villain in your own family, you will probably the cycle break, because healthy families, they heal through truth.
 One day my daughter asks me something that stopped me in my tracks and I never forget it.
 She said, dad, how are you and mom from the same place, but y'all so different?


TikTok

 And I knew what she meant, but I asked her to explain.
 She said, Mama yells a lot.
 She fuss.
 She's mad all the time.
 But you, you're calm, you listen, and you understand it.
 So I told her the truth.
 I said, look, where we come from, we saw a lot of trauma growing up.
 The way that we was raised, the way our parents talked to us, the things we saw in our homes and in our neighborhoods, a lot of that wasn't healthy.
 And when kids grow up around trauma, 2 things usually happen.


TikTok

 Some people grow up and they go get help.
 They learn, they reflect, they work on themselves, so they can break those cycles.
 And then there are people who never address their trauma.
 So their behavior, their reactions, their parenting, it'd end up looking just like the people who raised them and the trauma spills on to everybody around it.
 The kids, their relationships, everybody.
 Then I told my daughter something real.
 I said, the truth is, I want to whoop y'all sometimes because that's what happened to me when I got in trouble.


TikTok

 I want to yell sometimes because that's what happened to me.
 When I made mistakes.
 That's what I was taught, but I also remember what that felt like.
 I remember feeling like my parent hated me.
 Not corrected, not taught, hated.
 I didn't feel listened to.
 I didn't feel nurtured.
 I didn't feel understood.
 And I promised myself my kids would never feel the same way.
 Now, don't get it twisted.
 Still firm.
 My kids still have boundaries.
 They're still held accountable, but I'm not raising my kids through fear and criticism.


TikTok

 I'm raising my kids through lessons and love, because my job as a father ain't to go, dump my trauma on my kids.
 My job is to make sure that they don't have to spend their adult life repairing damage that I cause.
 Then I told her one last thing.
 I said, I'm gonna do my best to make sure you don't experience trauma from me.
 I can't control everything that happens outside of my house.
 You ever experience trauma in life, and you become an adult.
 It'll be your responsibility to address that, to cope with it, to grow so that you won't pass it down to your kids.


TikTok

 Because that's how cycles finally get broken.
 The child that gets blamed for everything in the dysfunction of family usually grows up and breaks the cycle.
 And that's exactly why they becoming a villain.
 When I was growing up, my mama would wake up yelling about the house being dirty.
 Watch these damn dishes.
 Clean my damn house.
 But I already knew something.
 She wasn't really talking to everybody else.
 She was talking to me.
 If my siblings did the dishes, they was the good kid, the responsible.
 But if I did it, it still wasn't good enough.
 I needed to do more.
 But those dishes accidentally taught me something.


TikTok

 They taught me discipline.
 They taught me accountability.
 They taught me how to handle things that I didn't want to handle.
 So when life throws problems at me, I operate the same way I did with those dishes.
 I step up, I handle it.
 I figure it out.
 That's what scapegoat kids learn.
 Resilience.
 But here's the part nobody talks about.
 The child that build that kind of discipline usually becomes the one that breaks the toxic family cycles.
 And when you break the cycle, you stop playing the roles the family gave you.
 And the moment you start playing those roles, the family that blamed you for everything suddenly starts to call you the villain.


TikTok

 But the truth is, you ain't becoming a villain.
 You're just the one who refused to stay broken.
 The way you think has them hooked, and they don't understand why, you, my friend, you came across someone who is a sapiosmexual, and that person is someone who likes someone based on their intelligence and how they think.
 And when they met you, they don't care about the physical attraction, and they even told themselves that they're not looking for anybody.


TikTok

 They don't want to have any crushes.
 But as soon as they spoke to you, they threw all of that out the window because you have this type of empathy, and the way you see the world is different from a lot of other people, and they fell for that instantly, because this person is someone that never has other people that can understand them.
 And when they met you, it was a breath of fresh air because of all like the trauma you went through, it just gave you this type of wisdom where you can perceive a lot more than the average person, and that's exactly why that person is hooked.


TikTok

 See, motherfuckers really don't get that you are that missing peaks.
 You are the key to this shit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 See, motherfuckers think they can get your traits, your gifts, they think that you can get all the tours that you use to get what you get to do the same things that you do, but whole time that's not the case.
 They forget that it's you.
 You is what make it hit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They can get all the tools that you use.
 They can get everything that you use, but they're missing you.
 You are the missing piece to all this shit.
 You bring all this shit together, nigga.
 Without you?
 Nigga, there ain't no connection with this shit.
 You bring the whole bridge together.


TikTok

 You bring motherfuckers together, nigga, you get the party started.
 And honestly, that's just a part of their self that they can't compete with.
 You know what I'm saying?
 can't compete with you.
 Nigga, when you come down to that shit, because nigga, this is your main gift.
 This is who you fucking are.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You are the bridge.
 You connect to everything and everybody.
 you can't even help it.
 You're naturally friendly as




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:31
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Say this, I can't say that.
 You're allowing yourself to just be like, well, what happens if I decide to just like let myself go?
 You know what I mean?
 And let it all flow freely.
 I don't know why I just did that with my hair, but I feel like there's this energy here of like, let's go.
 Like, I gotta, I gotta prepare.
 I got to get ready.
 Like, I'm done with all of this stuff, like kind of around.
 Yeah, the higher hair was around my neck and so there's this feeling of needing to get rid of things that are like strapping you in or holding you back or like in your way so that you can feel free and you can feel open.


TikTok

 Um, What even is this message right now?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 But I trust if you're here and you're driving with this, this is for you.
 This is resonating with you for a reason.
 And spirit was bringing this through for a reason.
 You are not stuck.
 You are steeping, my friend, like a fine ass wine.
 Is what I just heard, like a fine fricking wine, like a good quality herbal tea.
 You are providing yourself with this luxury of giving yourself this layered depth.
 Yeah, so that you can emerge.


TikTok

 As someone who fully has this like unapologetic richness to you.
 And other people, it's like I'm hearing and I'm seeing, I'm hearing and I'm seeing both. Like, when people look at you, they're going to be like, wow, something's really different about that person.
 I can't put my finger on it.
 I don't know exactly what it is, but something about them is different.
 It's the inner work that you have been and are doing, and it is the ability to be able to allow yourself to pull out that richness, to pull out that depth that's always been within you, but you have, you've suppressed it, because other people have told you to, for one reason or another.


TikTok

 And now this is you finally reclaiming those parts of yourself that do not need to be hidden away that do not need to be, um, tamed down.
 It's like I'm seeing someone adding water to a T.
 Your tea is beautiful and perfect, and rich, and maybe a little bit better.
 Because you have some of the herbs that are that are really coming through really strongly, but your tea is perfect just as it is.
 You don't have to water it down.
 You do not have to make yourself smaller in order to help other people feel comfortable.


TikTok

 Because they have fragile egos.
 Because they just can't hang with someone. Like, the work that you're doing is providing you with a richness and a character depth that other people may feel threatened by.
 They may feel like they need to push you down in order to make themselves feel better.
 You know, crabs in a bucket.
 If you see one crab climbing to the top, other crabs pull it down because they're like, whoa, you can't do that.
 Who gave you the right to be able to act in this way?
 And uh, and you're just doing you.


TikTok

 You're just doing you.
 So anyway.
 I trust that the Celts.
 I love you so much.
 You ever notice how their child that tells the truth become a problem in the family?
 Not the liar, not the manipulator.
 Not the one causing damage.
 The one telling the truth.
 So y'all learned something the hard way.
 In dysfunction of families, the truth is a threat.
 Tier family got an unspoken agreement.
 Don't talk about what happened.
 Don't question Mama.
 Don't question daddy.
 Don't bring up that abuse.
 Don't mention a favoritism.
 Don't speak on the addictions.
 Just act normal.


TikTok

 In the moment that one child grows up and says, nah, that wasn't normal.
 Everything changed.
 Because truth disrupts the system, dysfunctional systems don't protect what's right.
 They protect what's familiar.
 That why when you start healing and speaking up, setting boundaries, calling stuff what it is.
 They call you disrespectful.
 They say you're putting your family on front street.
 They call you difficult.
 They say you change.
 They say you think you better than everybody else.
 But what they really mean is, you start participating in the family lot.
 And that makes people uncomfortable because some family members built their whole survival around pretending, pretending it didn't hurt, pretending it didn't happen, pretending to damage wasn't damaged.


TikTok

 When you tell the truth, you force everybody to look at what they bury.
 And a lot of people would rather protect the illusion than face the truth.
 That why the truth teller becomes the target, not because they lied, but because they're exposed a lot that everybody else agreed to live in.
 And listen to me carefully.
 If telling the truth made you the villain in your own family, you will probably the cycle break, because healthy families, they heal through truth.
 One day my daughter asks me something that stopped me in my tracks and I never forget it.
 She said, dad, how are you and mom from the same place, but y'all so different?


TikTok

 And I knew what she meant, but I asked her to explain.
 She said, Mama yells a lot.
 She fuss.
 She's mad all the time.
 But you, you're calm, you listen, and you understand it.
 So I told her the truth.
 I said, look, where we come from, we saw a lot of trauma growing up.
 The way that we was raised, the way our parents talked to us, the things we saw in our homes and in our neighborhoods, a lot of that wasn't healthy.
 And when kids grow up around trauma, 2 things usually happen.


TikTok

 Some people grow up and they go get help.
 They learn, they reflect, they work on themselves, so they can break those cycles.
 And then there are people who never address their trauma.
 So their behavior, their reactions, their parenting, it'd end up looking just like the people who raised them and the trauma spills on to everybody around it.
 The kids, their relationships, everybody.
 Then I told my daughter something real.
 I said, the truth is, I want to whoop y'all sometimes because that's what happened to me when I got in trouble.


TikTok

 I want to yell sometimes because that's what happened to me.
 When I made mistakes.
 That's what I was taught, but I also remember what that felt like.
 I remember feeling like my parent hated me.
 Not corrected, not taught, hated.
 I didn't feel listened to.
 I didn't feel nurtured.
 I didn't feel understood.
 And I promised myself my kids would never feel the same way.
 Now, don't get it twisted.
 Still firm.
 My kids still have boundaries.
 They're still held accountable, but I'm not raising my kids through fear and criticism.


TikTok

 I'm raising my kids through lessons and love, because my job as a father ain't to go, dump my trauma on my kids.
 My job is to make sure that they don't have to spend their adult life repairing damage that I cause.
 Then I told her one last thing.
 I said, I'm gonna do my best to make sure you don't experience trauma from me.
 I can't control everything that happens outside of my house.
 You ever experience trauma in life, and you become an adult.
 It'll be your responsibility to address that, to cope with it, to grow so that you won't pass it down to your kids.


TikTok

 Because that's how cycles finally get broken.
 The child that gets blamed for everything in the dysfunction of family usually grows up and breaks the cycle.
 And that's exactly why they becoming a villain.
 When I was growing up, my mama would wake up yelling about the house being dirty.
 Watch these damn dishes.
 Clean my damn house.
 But I already knew something.
 She wasn't really talking to everybody else.
 She was talking to me.
 If my siblings did the dishes, they was the good kid, the responsible.
 But if I did it, it still wasn't good enough.
 I needed to do more.
 But those dishes accidentally taught me something.


TikTok

 They taught me discipline.
 They taught me accountability.
 They taught me how to handle things that I didn't want to handle.
 So when life throws problems at me, I operate the same way I did with those dishes.
 I step up, I handle it.
 I figure it out.
 That's what scapegoat kids learn.
 Resilience.
 But here's the part nobody talks about.
 The child that build that kind of discipline usually becomes the one that breaks the toxic family cycles.
 And when you break the cycle, you stop playing the roles the family gave you.
 And the moment you start playing those roles, the family that blamed you for everything suddenly starts to call you the villain.


TikTok

 But the truth is, you ain't becoming a villain.
 You're just the one who refused to stay broken.
 The way you think has them hooked, and they don't understand why, you, my friend, you came across someone who is a sapiosmexual, and that person is someone who likes someone based on their intelligence and how they think.
 And when they met you, they don't care about the physical attraction, and they even told themselves that they're not looking for anybody.


TikTok

 They don't want to have any crushes.
 But as soon as they spoke to you, they threw all of that out the window because you have this type of empathy, and the way you see the world is different from a lot of other people, and they fell for that instantly, because this person is someone that never has other people that can understand them.
 And when they met you, it was a breath of fresh air because of all like the trauma you went through, it just gave you this type of wisdom where you can perceive a lot more than the average person, and that's exactly why that person is hooked.


TikTok

 See, motherfuckers really don't get that you are that missing peaks.
 You are the key to this shit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 See, motherfuckers think they can get your traits, your gifts, they think that you can get all the tours that you use to get what you get to do the same things that you do, but whole time that's not the case.
 They forget that it's you.
 You is what make it hit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They can get all the tools that you use.
 They can get everything that you use, but they're missing you.
 You are the missing piece to all this shit.
 You bring all this shit together, nigga.
 Without you?
 Nigga, there ain't no connection with this shit.
 You bring the whole bridge together.


TikTok

 You bring motherfuckers together, nigga, you get the party started.
 And honestly, that's just a part of their self that they can't compete with.
 You know what I'm saying?
 can't compete with you.
 Nigga, when you come down to that shit, because nigga, this is your main gift.
 This is who you fucking are.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You are the bridge.
 You connect to everything and everybody.
 you can't even help it.
 You're naturally friendly as fuck.
 And this is why your dark side is dark like no other because you're very bright and you're very light.
 So you're going to need your darkness to protect yourself sometimes.
 And this is why motherfuckers leave your life, 9 times out of 10, they got the evil out and their hatred and they salty and they feel some type of way because you naturally crisscross shit up without even trying to, nigga.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 Because it's you.
 You are the hoodoo, you are the magic.
 You are all this shit.
 You ain't even gotta set your intent to do nothing.
 You are a walking intent around this bitch, a righteous one, man.
 I show you.
 People love and admire how strong you are, how disciplined you are, how independent you are, the strong sense of self that you have, honestly, love that you're a baddie.
 Until you get pissed off and now they're scared.
 And now they're scared until you call them out.


TikTok

 They love everything about you.
 And so you call them out, and now you're crazy, and now they're scared.
 I just, I feel like you.
 You are a walking mirror, for real.
 And I can see, you show people the best parts of themselves.
 I mean, this is really what makes you so attractive.
 It's like all of these qualities about you, batty material, okay?
 But also, You're a little crazy and you're not crazy.


TikTok

 It's just how people perceive that blunt honesty and that strong moral compass that you have that's strong intuition where you don't let people play in your face where you will call out weirdo messy behav




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:33
PROMPT_DATA: They couldn't interpret the help that you were trying to give them. And you're good.

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-07-31 00:37
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

Say this, I can't say that.
 You're allowing yourself to just be like, well, what happens if I decide to just like let myself go?
 You know what I mean?
 And let it all flow freely.
 I don't know why I just did that with my hair, but I feel like there's this energy here of like, let's go.
 Like, I gotta, I gotta prepare.
 I got to get ready.
 Like, I'm done with all of this stuff, like kind of around.
 Yeah, the higher hair was around my neck and so there's this feeling of needing to get rid of things that are like strapping you in or holding you back or like in your way so that you can feel free and you can feel open.


TikTok

 Um, What even is this message right now?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 But I trust if you're here and you're driving with this, this is for you.
 This is resonating with you for a reason.
 And spirit was bringing this through for a reason.
 You are not stuck.
 You are steeping, my friend, like a fine ass wine.
 Is what I just heard, like a fine fricking wine, like a good quality herbal tea.
 You are providing yourself with this luxury of giving yourself this layered depth.
 Yeah, so that you can emerge.


TikTok

 As someone who fully has this like unapologetic richness to you.
 And other people, it's like I'm hearing and I'm seeing, I'm hearing and I'm seeing both. Like, when people look at you, they're going to be like, wow, something's really different about that person.
 I can't put my finger on it.
 I don't know exactly what it is, but something about them is different.
 It's the inner work that you have been and are doing, and it is the ability to be able to allow yourself to pull out that richness, to pull out that depth that's always been within you, but you have, you've suppressed it, because other people have told you to, for one reason or another.


TikTok

 And now this is you finally reclaiming those parts of yourself that do not need to be hidden away that do not need to be, um, tamed down.
 It's like I'm seeing someone adding water to a T.
 Your tea is beautiful and perfect, and rich, and maybe a little bit better.
 Because you have some of the herbs that are that are really coming through really strongly, but your tea is perfect just as it is.
 You don't have to water it down.
 You do not have to make yourself smaller in order to help other people feel comfortable.


TikTok

 Because they have fragile egos.
 Because they just can't hang with someone. Like, the work that you're doing is providing you with a richness and a character depth that other people may feel threatened by.
 They may feel like they need to push you down in order to make themselves feel better.
 You know, crabs in a bucket.
 If you see one crab climbing to the top, other crabs pull it down because they're like, whoa, you can't do that.
 Who gave you the right to be able to act in this way?
 And uh, and you're just doing you.


TikTok

 You're just doing you.
 So anyway.
 I trust that the Celts.
 I love you so much.
 You ever notice how their child that tells the truth become a problem in the family?
 Not the liar, not the manipulator.
 Not the one causing damage.
 The one telling the truth.
 So y'all learned something the hard way.
 In dysfunction of families, the truth is a threat.
 Tier family got an unspoken agreement.
 Don't talk about what happened.
 Don't question Mama.
 Don't question daddy.
 Don't bring up that abuse.
 Don't mention a favoritism.
 Don't speak on the addictions.
 Just act normal.


TikTok

 In the moment that one child grows up and says, nah, that wasn't normal.
 Everything changed.
 Because truth disrupts the system, dysfunctional systems don't protect what's right.
 They protect what's familiar.
 That why when you start healing and speaking up, setting boundaries, calling stuff what it is.
 They call you disrespectful.
 They say you're putting your family on front street.
 They call you difficult.
 They say you change.
 They say you think you better than everybody else.
 But what they really mean is, you start participating in the family lot.
 And that makes people uncomfortable because some family members built their whole survival around pretending, pretending it didn't hurt, pretending it didn't happen, pretending to damage wasn't damaged.


TikTok

 When you tell the truth, you force everybody to look at what they bury.
 And a lot of people would rather protect the illusion than face the truth.
 That why the truth teller becomes the target, not because they lied, but because they're exposed a lot that everybody else agreed to live in.
 And listen to me carefully.
 If telling the truth made you the villain in your own family, you will probably the cycle break, because healthy families, they heal through truth.
 One day my daughter asks me something that stopped me in my tracks and I never forget it.
 She said, dad, how are you and mom from the same place, but y'all so different?


TikTok

 And I knew what she meant, but I asked her to explain.
 She said, Mama yells a lot.
 She fuss.
 She's mad all the time.
 But you, you're calm, you listen, and you understand it.
 So I told her the truth.
 I said, look, where we come from, we saw a lot of trauma growing up.
 The way that we was raised, the way our parents talked to us, the things we saw in our homes and in our neighborhoods, a lot of that wasn't healthy.
 And when kids grow up around trauma, 2 things usually happen.


TikTok

 Some people grow up and they go get help.
 They learn, they reflect, they work on themselves, so they can break those cycles.
 And then there are people who never address their trauma.
 So their behavior, their reactions, their parenting, it'd end up looking just like the people who raised them and the trauma spills on to everybody around it.
 The kids, their relationships, everybody.
 Then I told my daughter something real.
 I said, the truth is, I want to whoop y'all sometimes because that's what happened to me when I got in trouble.


TikTok

 I want to yell sometimes because that's what happened to me.
 When I made mistakes.
 That's what I was taught, but I also remember what that felt like.
 I remember feeling like my parent hated me.
 Not corrected, not taught, hated.
 I didn't feel listened to.
 I didn't feel nurtured.
 I didn't feel understood.
 And I promised myself my kids would never feel the same way.
 Now, don't get it twisted.
 Still firm.
 My kids still have boundaries.
 They're still held accountable, but I'm not raising my kids through fear and criticism.


TikTok

 I'm raising my kids through lessons and love, because my job as a father ain't to go, dump my trauma on my kids.
 My job is to make sure that they don't have to spend their adult life repairing damage that I cause.
 Then I told her one last thing.
 I said, I'm gonna do my best to make sure you don't experience trauma from me.
 I can't control everything that happens outside of my house.
 You ever experience trauma in life, and you become an adult.
 It'll be your responsibility to address that, to cope with it, to grow so that you won't pass it down to your kids.


TikTok

 Because that's how cycles finally get broken.
 The child that gets blamed for everything in the dysfunction of family usually grows up and breaks the cycle.
 And that's exactly why they becoming a villain.
 When I was growing up, my mama would wake up yelling about the house being dirty.
 Watch these damn dishes.
 Clean my damn house.
 But I already knew something.
 She wasn't really talking to everybody else.
 She was talking to me.
 If my siblings did the dishes, they was the good kid, the responsible.
 But if I did it, it still wasn't good enough.
 I needed to do more.
 But those dishes accidentally taught me something.


TikTok

 They taught me discipline.
 They taught me accountability.
 They taught me how to handle things that I didn't want to handle.
 So when life throws problems at me, I operate the same way I did with those dishes.
 I step up, I handle it.
 I figure it out.
 That's what scapegoat kids learn.
 Resilience.
 But here's the part nobody talks about.
 The child that build that kind of discipline usually becomes the one that breaks the toxic family cycles.
 And when you break the cycle, you stop playing the roles the family gave you.
 And the moment you start playing those roles, the family that blamed you for everything suddenly starts to call you the villain.


TikTok

 But the truth is, you ain't becoming a villain.
 You're just the one who refused to stay broken.
 The way you think has them hooked, and they don't understand why, you, my friend, you came across someone who is a sapiosmexual, and that person is someone who likes someone based on their intelligence and how they think.
 And when they met you, they don't care about the physical attraction, and they even told themselves that they're not looking for anybody.


TikTok

 They don't want to have any crushes.
 But as soon as they spoke to you, they threw all of that out the window because you have this type of empathy, and the way you see the world is different from a lot of other people, and they fell for that instantly, because this person is someone that never has other people that can understand them.
 And when they met you, it was a breath of fresh air because of all like the trauma you went through, it just gave you this type of wisdom where you can perceive a lot more than the average person, and that's exactly why that person is hooked.


TikTok

 See, motherfuckers really don't get that you are that missing peaks.
 You are the key to this shit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 See, motherfuckers think they can get your traits, your gifts, they think that you can get all the tours that you use to get what you get to do the same things that you do, but whole time that's not the case.
 They forget that it's you.
 You is what make it hit.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They can get all the tools that you use.
 They can get everything that you use, but they're missing you.
 You are the missing piece to all this shit.
 You bring all this shit together, nigga.
 Without you?
 Nigga, there ain't no connection with this shit.
 You bring the whole bridge together.


TikTok

 You bring motherfuckers together, nigga, you get the party started.
 And honestly, that's just a part of their self that they can't compete with.
 You know what I'm saying?
 can't compete with you.
 Nigga, when you come down to that shit, because nigga, this is your main gift.
 This is who you fucking are.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You are the bridge.
 You connect to everything and everybody.
 you can't even help it.
 You're naturally friendly as fuck.
 And this is why your dark side is dark like no other because you're very bright and you're very light.
 So you're going to need your darkness to protect yourself sometimes.
 And this is why motherfuckers leave your life, 9 times out of 10, they got the evil out and their hatred and they salty and they feel some type of way because you naturally crisscross shit up without even trying to, nigga.


TikTok

 You feel me?
 Because it's you.
 You are the hoodoo, you are the magic.
 You are all this shit.
 You ain't even gotta set your intent to do nothing.
 You are a walking intent around this bitch, a righteous one, man.
 I show you.
 People love and admire how strong you are, how disciplined you are, how independent you are, the strong sense of self that you have, honestly, love that you're a baddie.
 Until you get pissed off and now they're scared.
 And now they're scared until you call them out.


TikTok

 They love everything about you.
 And so you call them out, and now you're crazy, and now they're scared.
 I just, I feel like you.
 You are a walking mirror, for real.
 And I can see, you show people the best parts of themselves.
 I mean, this is really what makes you so attractive.
 It's like all of these qualities about you, batty material, okay?
 But also, You're a little crazy and you're not crazy.


TikTok

 It's just how people perceive that blunt honesty and that strong moral compass that you have, that's strong intuition, where you don't let people play in your face, where you will call out weirdo, messy behavior, and we're also, like, you hold a lot of shit in.
 You give a lot of chances, you give a lot of opportunity for growth.
 You understand that people make mistakes, you understand people fuck up.


TikTok

 You understand they say things they don't mean.
 And generally, you know, you can be very forgiving, but you also are not someone who's like, you know, fool me 3 times, now I'm boo-boo the fool.
 You fuck up once, twice, you're done.
 You're done, and you're calling their shit out, and you're getting a little crazy.
 And I just, I love it because, I mean, people are, they're scared.
 People are scared of you.


TikTok

 They are scared of you, and they should be.
 They should be, especially if they're being messy, especially if they have something to hide.
 I feel like your lie detector is so fucking strong.
 I almost feel like the signs that you get, the dreams, the like revelations, the bodily sensations that you get when someone is lying to you is like your your spirit team is so fucking strong.
 You have an army, yo.
 You have an army, and that shit can't get past you.


TikTok

 I feel you'd honestly freaks people out.
 Like, you're witchy as fuck.
 You are witchy as book, and I really honestly think, like, it makes people uncomfortable.
 It makes them scared.
 It makes them feel like they have to be real fucking careful.
 But, you know, it's rare that you really have shady energy around you.
 I just feel like there's every now and then, there comes a time where you unleash your wrap, your anger comes out, you blow up on someone.


TikTok

 You really let stuff build.
 Like I said, you give people chances, you give them time, you let people make mistakes.
 You let them fumble, and then you show grace.
 You know, you're nothing, if not graceful, but also, you're scary.
 You're scary.
 They're scared and they should be.
 Honestly.
 And you're the perfect person to argue.
 You are.
 Like, you know exactly what to say.
 You know exactly how to say it, and you know exactly when to say it.


TikTok

 You know?
 You're the kind of person who, again, will just let people do some weird shit until it all adds up too much.
 And then you're sending a crazy text and blocked.
 They will never hear from you again.
 Or, again, you just surprise people with the mouth on you.
 You just surprise people.
 I just, I loved.
 I love that you came through this.
 I love the tower in this deck.
 I just feel like it really deserves its flowers.
 She's just looking back like,


TikTok

 Yeah, you should be fucking scared.
 You should be scared.
 I love it.
 You're a badass.
 I just feel like you guys are gonna just surprise some people.
 That's the message.
 I, it's not the full message, but I just, I feel like you guys are just gonna fucking surprise some people.


TikTok

 It's like you got something up your sleeve, and the way that you're about to just pop out is just gonna be,
 It's just so funny because I think People be knowing this, people be knowing this is happening with you, but they don't, no, no.
 It's like you can pop out and it's just, I don't know, there's some, there's some element of surprise with this.
 But it's kind of like what, I keep getting this, like, what in the world, what in the world will she do next?


TikTok

 What in the world will he do next?
 It's almost like, Nobody knows.
 I don't know why I'm laughing.
 This is funny though.
 This is coming through.
 It's almost like nobody knows what, what's gonna come out of your mouth.
 And it's that's fucking amazing.
 Like, nobody knows what you're going to say next.
 Like, you're literally a question mark.
 Like, there's such an element of surprise with you and the fact that I don't know, you just keep people on your feet.


TikTok

 You just keep on your feet, on their feet.
 You just keep people on their feet.
 Dude, people are tuned into you right now.
 This is such an interesting message.
 People are tuned into you right now.
 It's like a sneak attack.
 I don't know what this is, but


TikTok

 It's like just the one they thought you were going here.
 You like, boop, nope, doing this thing.
 And then it's it's just the element of surprise.
 But there's something about that right there that's going to make you insanely successful in this life.
 Not that you need to measure success, but, and you decide what success means to you, but I just feel like there's a lot of visibility right now.
 Like you're going to be so visible, but you're going to be so visible because it's you in your energy.


TikTok

 It's you being you, totally you, all of you.
 I'm getting a lot of you are like this shape shifters too, where you kind of, you can just do a lot of different things.
 Like you.
 You can operate it




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 00:50
PROMPT_DATA: “For behold this selfsame thing, that ye sorrowed after a godly sort, what carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge! In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.”
‭‭2 Corinthians‬ ‭7‬:‭11‬ ‭KJV‬‬
https://bible.com/bible/1/2co.7.11.KJV

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 00:53
PROMPT_DATA: Bible

No man, we have defrauded no man.
 I speak not this to condemn you, for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you.
 Great is my boldness of speech toward you.
 Great is my glorying of you.
 I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation, for when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side, without were fightings within were fears.


Bible

 Nevertheless, God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus, and not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me, so that I rejoiced the more. For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent, for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.


Bible

 Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed too repentance, for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing?
 For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation, not to be repented of, but the sorrow of the world worketh death. For, behold, this self same thing that ye sorrowed after a godly sword.
 What carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge?


Bible

 In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.
 Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.
 Therefore




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 00:56
PROMPT_DATA: Bible

No man, we have defrauded no man.
 I speak not this to condemn you, for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you.
 Great is my boldness of speech toward you.
 Great is my glorying of you.
 I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation, for when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side, without were fightings within were fears.


Bible

 Nevertheless, God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus, and not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me, so that I rejoiced the more. For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent, for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.


Bible

 Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed too repentance, for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing?
 For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation, not to be repented of, but the sorrow of the world worketh death. For, behold, this self same thing that ye sorrowed after a godly sword.
 What carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge?


Bible

 In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.
 Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.
 Therefore, we were comforted in your comfort, yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.
 For if I have boasted anything to him of you, I am not ashamed, but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth.


Bible

 And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.
 I rejoice, therefore, that I have confidence in you in all things.
2nd Corinthians 8.
 Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia.


Bible

 How that in a great trial of affliction, the abundance of their joy, and their deep poverty, abounded unto the riches of their liberality, for to their power I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves, praying us with much entreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints.
 And this they did, not as we hoped, but 1st gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God.
 insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also.


Bible

 Therefore, as ye abound in everything in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye are bound in this grace also.
 I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.
 For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor.
 That ye, through his poverty, might be rich, and herein I give my advice, for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.


Bible

 Now, therefore, perform the doing of it, that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which he have.
 For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.
 For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened, but by an equality that now, at this time, your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want, that there may be quality, as it is written, He that had gathered much, had nothing over, and he that had gathered little, had no lack.


Bible

 But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you.
 For indeed he accepted the exhortation, but being more forward of his own accord, he went unto you.
 And we have sent with him the brother whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches, and not that only, but who is also chosen, of the churches to travel with us, with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind.
 Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us, providing for honest things not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men. and we have




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 00:56
PROMPT_DATA: Bible

No man, we have defrauded no man.
 I speak not this to condemn you, for I have said before, that ye are in our hearts to die and live with you.
 Great is my boldness of speech toward you.
 Great is my glorying of you.
 I am filled with comfort, I am exceeding joyful in all our tribulation, for when we were come into Macedonia, our flesh had no rest, but we were troubled on every side, without were fightings within were fears.


Bible

 Nevertheless, God, that comforteth those that are cast down, comforted us by the coming of Titus, and not by his coming only, but by the consolation wherewith he was comforted in you, when he told us your earnest desire, your mourning, your fervent mind toward me, so that I rejoiced the more. For though I made you sorry with a letter, I do not repent, though I did repent, for I perceive that the same epistle hath made you sorry, though it were but for a season.


Bible

 Now I rejoice, not that ye were made sorry, but that ye sorrowed too repentance, for ye were made sorry after a godly manner, that ye might receive damage by us in nothing?
 For godly sorrow worketh repentance to salvation, not to be repented of, but the sorrow of the world worketh death. For, behold, this self same thing that ye sorrowed after a godly sword.
 What carefulness it wrought in you, yea, what clearing of yourselves, yea, what indignation, yea, what fear, yea, what vehement desire, yea, what zeal, yea, what revenge?


Bible

 In all things ye have approved yourselves to be clear in this matter.
 Wherefore, though I wrote unto you, I did it not for his cause that had done the wrong, nor for his cause that suffered wrong, but that our care for you in the sight of God might appear unto you.
 Therefore, we were comforted in your comfort, yea, and exceedingly the more joyed we for the joy of Titus, because his spirit was refreshed by you all.
 For if I have boasted anything to him of you, I am not ashamed, but as we spake all things to you in truth, even so our boasting, which I made before Titus, is found a truth.


Bible

 And his inward affection is more abundant toward you, whilst he remembereth the obedience of you all, how with fear and trembling ye received him.
 I rejoice, therefore, that I have confidence in you in all things.
2nd Corinthians 8.
 Moreover, brethren, we do you to wit of the grace of God bestowed on the churches of Macedonia.


Bible

 How that in a great trial of affliction, the abundance of their joy, and their deep poverty, abounded unto the riches of their liberality, for to their power I bear record, yea, and beyond their power they were willing of themselves, praying us with much entreaty that we would receive the gift, and take upon us the fellowship of the ministering to the saints.
 And this they did, not as we hoped, but 1st gave their own selves to the Lord, and unto us by the will of God.
 insomuch that we desired Titus, that as he had begun, so he would also finish in you the same grace also.


Bible

 Therefore, as ye abound in everything in faith, and utterance, and knowledge, and in all diligence, and in your love to us, see that ye are bound in this grace also.
 I speak not by commandment, but by occasion of the forwardness of others, and to prove the sincerity of your love.
 For ye know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor.
 That ye, through his poverty, might be rich, and herein I give my advice, for this is expedient for you, who have begun before, not only to do, but also to be forward a year ago.


Bible

 Now, therefore, perform the doing of it, that as there was a readiness to will, so there may be a performance also out of that which he have.
 For if there be first a willing mind, it is accepted according to that a man hath, and not according to that he hath not.
 For I mean not that other men be eased, and ye burdened, but by an equality that now, at this time, your abundance may be a supply for their want, that their abundance also may be a supply for your want, that there may be quality, as it is written, He that had gathered much, had nothing over, and he that had gathered little, had no lack.


Bible

 But thanks be to God, which put the same earnest care into the heart of Titus for you.
 For indeed he accepted the exhortation, but being more forward of his own accord, he went unto you.
 And we have sent with him the brother whose praise is in the gospel throughout all the churches, and not that only, but who is also chosen, of the churches to travel with us, with this grace, which is administered by us to the glory of the same Lord, and declaration of your ready mind.
 Avoiding this, that no man should blame us in this abundance which is administered by us, providing for honest things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men, and we have sent with them our brother, whom we have oftentimes, proved diligent in many things, but now much more diligent upon the great confidence which I have in you, whether any do inquire of Titus.


Bible

 He is my partner, and fellow helper concerning you, or our brethren be inquired of, they are the messengers of the churches, and the glory of Christ.
 Wherefore show ye to them, and before the churches, the proof of your love, and of our boasting on your behalf.
2 Corinthians 9.
 For as touching the ministering to the saints, it is superfluous for me to write to you, for I know the forwardness of your mind, for which I boast of you to them of Macedonia, that a care was ready a year ago, and your zeal hath provoked very many.


Bible

 Yet have I sent to the brethren lest our boasting of you should be in vain




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:04
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:06
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the master magician.
 You will walk through reality like a popular loner like John Wick does.
 Except you're basically John Mix, John Wick mixed with Neo.


TikTok

 People think that you're God.
 It's because you do things that a normal human being shouldn't be able to do, and you're able to transmute any negative situation into something positive.
 Your presence commands attention.
 Your very presence changes the atmosphere in the entire room and people think that you're God.
 How do you keep doing this?
 I love you.


TikTok

 People say that your existence doesn't follow logic.
 Welcome to the channel, everyone, Lithi Alchemist here back with another general reading.
 This is for all signs.
 Hit that like and subscribe button so you'll be notified when I upload or go live.
 Do not force the reading.
 If it does not resonate with you, okay?
 It just does not resonate with you.


TikTok

 Let's get into it.
 So we have the star.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:07
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the master magician.
 You will walk through reality like a popular loner like John Wick does.
 Except you're basically John Mix, John Wick mixed with Neo.


TikTok

 People think that you're God.
 It's because you do things that a normal human being shouldn't be able to do, and you're able to transmute any negative situation into something positive.
 Your presence commands attention.
 Your very presence changes the atmosphere in the entire room and people think that you're God.
 How do you keep doing this?
 I love you.


TikTok

 People say that your existence doesn't follow logic.
 Welcome to the channel, everyone, Lithi Alchemist here back with another general reading.
 This is for all signs.
 Hit that like and subscribe button so you'll be notified when I upload or go live.
 Do not force the reading.
 If it does not resonate with you, okay?
 It just does not resonate with you.


TikTok

 Let's get into it.
 So we have the star.
 This is Aquarius Energy.
 I feel like people would say, you're like an old legend.
 And an old legend making its presence known again.
 Okay, in in this present world.
 You could have, this is Aquarius Energy.
 You could have Aquarius aspected in your NATO chart or be an Aquarius sun, moon, rising.


TikTok

 Okay?
 But you come off as a being a force of nature of some sort that comes from a whole other era.
 Okay?
 Um




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:08
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the master magician.
 You will walk through reality like a popular loner like John Wick does.
 Except you're basically John Mix, John Wick mixed with Neo.


TikTok

 People think that you're God.
 It's because you do things that a normal human being shouldn't be able to do, and you're able to transmute any negative situation into something positive.
 Your presence commands attention.
 Your very presence changes the atmosphere in the entire room and people think that you're God.
 How do you keep doing this?
 I love you.


TikTok

 People say that your existence doesn't follow logic.
 Welcome to the channel, everyone, Lithi Alchemist here back with another general reading.
 This is for all signs.
 Hit that like and subscribe button so you'll be notified when I upload or go live.
 Do not force the reading.
 If it does not resonate with you, okay?
 It just does not resonate with you.


TikTok

 Let's get into it.
 So we have the star.
 This is Aquarius Energy.
 I feel like people would say, you're like an old legend.
 And an old legend making its presence known again.
 Okay, in in this present world.
 You could have, this is Aquarius Energy.
 You could have Aquarius aspected in your NATO chart or be an Aquarius sun, moon, rising.


TikTok

 Okay?
 But you come off as a being a force of nature of some sort that comes from a whole other era.
 Okay?
 Um, Is it's like you feel less like a person to people?
 And more like a sign.
 If that makes sense, like a sign of confirmation.


TikTok

 Um, a sign of making something make sense in your life.
 Okay, as far as maybe something that you could not figure out on your own.
 Okay?
 Or I'm not you. Others may not have been able to figure out on their own.
 Like, you come off as that confirmation to them.
 Yeah, we have the Will of Fortune.
 This is Sagittarius Energy.
 You could be Sagittarius here or have Sagittarius energy aspected in your NATO chart.


TikTok

 It's like after people meet you, they're still trying to explain you.
 You know, there, there are still questions that are left and and you're one to leave more questions than answers.
 You know, so it's definitely an energy where you stay in someone's mind, whether the back of their mind, their subconscious, um, you're definitely still there.


TikTok

 To them, Like I said, there's for some reason there's not a




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:09
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the master magician.
 You will walk through reality like a popular loner like John Wick does.
 Except you're basically John Mix, John Wick mixed with Neo.


TikTok

 People think that you're God.
 It's because you do things that a normal human being shouldn't be able to do, and you're able to transmute any negative situation into something positive.
 Your presence commands attention.
 Your very presence changes the atmosphere in the entire room and people think that you're God.
 How do you keep doing this?
 I love you.


TikTok

 People say that your existence doesn't follow logic.
 Welcome to the channel, everyone, Lithi Alchemist here back with another general reading.
 This is for all signs.
 Hit that like and subscribe button so you'll be notified when I upload or go live.
 Do not force the reading.
 If it does not resonate with you, okay?
 It just does not resonate with you.


TikTok

 Let's get into it.
 So we have the star.
 This is Aquarius Energy.
 I feel like people would say, you're like an old legend.
 And an old legend making its presence known again.
 Okay, in in this present world.
 You could have, this is Aquarius Energy.
 You could have Aquarius aspected in your NATO chart or be an Aquarius sun, moon, rising.


TikTok

 Okay?
 But you come off as a being a force of nature of some sort that comes from a whole other era.
 Okay?
 Um, Is it's like you feel less like a person to people?
 And more like a sign.
 If that makes sense, like a sign of confirmation.


TikTok

 Um, a sign of making something make sense in your life.
 Okay, as far as maybe something that you could not figure out on your own.
 Okay?
 Or I'm not you. Others may not have been able to figure out on their own.
 Like, you come off as that confirmation to them.
 Yeah, we have the Will of Fortune.
 This is Sagittarius Energy.
 You could be Sagittarius here or have Sagittarius energy aspected in your NATO chart.


TikTok

 It's like after people meet you, they're still trying to explain you.
 You know, there, there are still questions that are left and and you're one to leave more questions than answers.
 You know, so it's definitely an energy where you stay in someone's mind, whether the back of their mind, their subconscious, um, you're definitely still there.


TikTok

 To them, Like I said, there's for some reason, there's not a logical explanation for you.
 It's like the energy that you give off.
 And It's something that they don't understand, you know, a lot of you were never meant to make sense.
 in this world.
 is the energy that you give off.
 We have the death card, Scorpio Energy.
 It's like some people are searching for an answer that just does not exist when it comes to you.


TikTok

 You are like that ancient mystery that is still unsolvable.
 Like, it's not meant to be solved.
 That's why people are still talking about it.
 Still trying to embody it.
 And it's you are never ordinary enough to be understood




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:10
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the master magician.
 You will walk through reality like a popular loner like John Wick does.
 Except you're basically John Mix, John Wick mixed with Neo.


TikTok

 People think that you're God.
 It's because you do things that a normal human being shouldn't be able to do, and you're able to transmute any negative situation into something positive.
 Your presence commands attention.
 Your very presence changes the atmosphere in the entire room and people think that you're God.
 How do you keep doing this?
 I love you.


TikTok

 People say that your existence doesn't follow logic.
 Welcome to the channel, everyone, Lithi Alchemist here back with another general reading.
 This is for all signs.
 Hit that like and subscribe button so you'll be notified when I upload or go live.
 Do not force the reading.
 If it does not resonate with you, okay?
 It just does not resonate with you.


TikTok

 Let's get into it.
 So we have the star.
 This is Aquarius Energy.
 I feel like people would say, you're like an old legend.
 And an old legend making its presence known again.
 Okay, in in this present world.
 You could have, this is Aquarius Energy.
 You could have Aquarius aspected in your NATO chart or be an Aquarius sun, moon, rising.


TikTok

 Okay?
 But you come off as a being a force of nature of some sort that comes from a whole other era.
 Okay?
 Um, Is it's like you feel less like a person to people?
 And more like a sign.
 If that makes sense, like a sign of confirmation.


TikTok

 Um, a sign of making something make sense in your life.
 Okay, as far as maybe something that you could not figure out on your own.
 Okay?
 Or I'm not you. Others may not have been able to figure out on their own.
 Like, you come off as that confirmation to them.
 Yeah, we have the Will of Fortune.
 This is Sagittarius Energy.
 You could be Sagittarius here or have Sagittarius energy aspected in your NATO chart.


TikTok

 It's like after people meet you, they're still trying to explain you.
 You know, there, there are still questions that are left and and you're one to leave more questions than answers.
 You know, so it's definitely an energy where you stay in someone's mind, whether the back of their mind, their subconscious, um, you're definitely still there.


TikTok

 To them, Like I said, there's for some reason, there's not a logical explanation for you.
 It's like the energy that you give off.
 And It's something that they don't understand, you know, a lot of you were never meant to make sense.
 in this world.
 is the energy that you give off.
 We have the death card, Scorpio Energy.
 It's like some people are searching for an answer that just does not exist when it comes to you.


TikTok

 You are like that ancient mystery that is still unsolvable.
 Like, it's not meant to be solved.
 That's why people are still talking about it.
 Still trying to embody it.
 And it's, it's, you are never ordinary enough to be understood, to begin with, with the ace of pinnacles.
 This is Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn Energy.
 Like even time cannot explain you.


TikTok

 And I know it takes time for oysters, for pearls to form an oysters, and this is like an energy, and the water itself is another world.
 You know, so like I said, even time can explain you.
 And then just that process alone with the oyster and the pearl, that is still something that is so fascinating.
 Just as you are.
 It's like you're from another lifetime.
 is how people perceive you.


TikTok

 Like your presence, it feels older than your name.
 You know, regardless of your age.
 Um, it could be something about your maturity level.
 Um, it could just be about what you know and that others are are just taken aback or or, you know, they they themselves are not educated on certain things of the world that you are.
 And like I said, you could be an Aquarius, you could be Sagittarius here.


TikTok

 You could be Scorpio.
 Um, or tourist, Virgo, Capricorn, energy.
 One thing for sure that people agree on is your spirit.
 It definitely carries,sp especially with the star and the death




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:34
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the master magician.
 You will walk through reality like a popular loner like John Wick does.
 Except you're basically John Mix, John Wick mixed with Neo.


TikTok

 People think that you're God.
 It's because you do things that a normal human being shouldn't be able to do, and you're able to transmute any negative situation into something positive.
 Your presence commands attention.
 Your very presence changes the atmosphere in the entire room and people think that you're God.
 How do you keep doing this?
 I love you.


TikTok

 People say that your existence doesn't follow logic.
 Welcome to the channel, everyone, Lithi Alchemist here back with another general reading.
 This is for all signs.
 Hit that like and subscribe button so you'll be notified when I upload or go live.
 Do not force the reading.
 If it does not resonate with you, okay?
 It just does not resonate with you.


TikTok

 Let's get into it.
 So we have the star.
 This is Aquarius Energy.
 I feel like people would say, you're like an old legend.
 And an old legend making its presence known again.
 Okay, in in this present world.
 You could have, this is Aquarius Energy.
 You could have Aquarius aspected in your NATO chart or be an Aquarius sun, moon, rising.


TikTok

 Okay?
 But you come off as a being a force of nature of some sort that comes from a whole other era.
 Okay?
 Um, Is it's like you feel less like a person to people?
 And more like a sign.
 If that makes sense, like a sign of confirmation.


TikTok

 Um, a sign of making something make sense in your life.
 Okay, as far as maybe something that you could not figure out on your own.
 Okay?
 Or I'm not you. Others may not have been able to figure out on their own.
 Like, you come off as that confirmation to them.
 Yeah, we have the Will of Fortune.
 This is Sagittarius Energy.
 You could be Sagittarius here or have Sagittarius energy aspected in your NATO chart.


TikTok

 It's like after people meet you, they're still trying to explain you.
 You know, there, there are still questions that are left and and you're one to leave more questions than answers.
 You know, so it's definitely an energy where you stay in someone's mind, whether the back of their mind, their subconscious, um, you're definitely still there.


TikTok

 To them, Like I said, there's for some reason, there's not a logical explanation for you.
 It's like the energy that you give off.
 And It's something that they don't understand, you know, a lot of you were never meant to make sense.
 in this world.
 is the energy that you give off.
 We have the death card, Scorpio Energy.
 It's like some people are searching for an answer that just does not exist when it comes to you.


TikTok

 You are like that ancient mystery that is still unsolvable.
 Like, it's not meant to be solved.
 That's why people are still talking about it.
 Still trying to embody it.
 And it's, it's, you are never ordinary enough to be understood, to begin with, with the ace of pinnacles.
 This is Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn Energy.
 Like even time cannot explain you.


TikTok

 And I know it takes time for oysters, for pearls to form an oysters, and this is like an energy, and the water itself is another world.
 You know, so like I said, even time can explain you.
 And then just that process alone with the oyster and the pearl, that is still something that is so fascinating.
 Just as you are.
 It's like you're from another lifetime.
 is how people perceive you.


TikTok

 Like your presence, it feels older than your name.
 You know, regardless of your age.
 Um, it could be something about your maturity level.
 Um, it could just be about what you know and that others are are just taken aback or or, you know, they they themselves are not educated on certain things of the world that you are.
 And like I said, you could be an Aquarius, you could be Sagittarius here.


TikTok

 You could be Scorpio.
 Um, or tourist, Virgo, Capricorn, energy.
 One thing for sure that people agree on is your spirit.
 It definitely carries, especially with the star and the death card in ancient signature.
 You know how today we're still studying the pyramids in ancient Egypt and still looking for the lost world of Atlantis.


TikTok

 And and Noah's Ark, you know what I mean?
 Just all these different phenomenons.
 I feel like you come from something of the sorts, you know, if not specifically one of those things.
 We have the 3 of cups.
 Like this is something that people can sit and talk hours and hours on about you.
 You know, your bloodline did not produce ordinary energy.
 is what the conclusion is.
 Like, there's definitely something ancient moving through you.


TikTok

 Right?
 There's no question about it with the 8 of pinnacles.
 Like it may even your creative side, you know, it's like people may looking at you like, where did you come up with that idea?
 Whether it's fashion, art, um, uh, a carpenter, um, a minor, you know, like, um, what's the word I'm looking for?
 Um, just someone that that makes things out of fire, you know, it's just whatever it is that you are able to creatively do that.


TikTok

 Most people wouldn't think to pick up and be able to do the way that you are.
 Your lineage, it definitely left footprints long before you arrived.
 In this Ada pinnacles, is Virgo energy.
 This 3 of cups is cancer energy.
 So you could be either of those signs as well.
 But you carry something, like I said, that did not begin with you.
 You know, that's why You wonder why you just can pick it up and just do it.


TikTok

 You know what I mean?
 Because it was already created before you.
 And your ancestors are speaking through you in this generation.


Microphone

They're here, they're here.
 You put the winter, you gave it to me to put somewhere.
 I put wherever I want to.
 You give to me everywhere.
 I put that wherever I want to.
 Did your mommy call you?


Microphone

 L.


TikTok

era of life here with the king of wands.
 This is Leo Energy.
 Like you inherited something that cannot be taught.
 Bottom line, like your gifts, You carry were passed down from the previous generation and the generation before that, and you are to carry that on.
 whether people understand it or not.
 All right?
 I'm gonna leave this reading here, hit that like and subscribe button for more messages from me.


TikTok

 Ill catch you later.
 respectfully.
 You can do this, too.
 You can do this.
 And I know, you know, you can do this too.
 You can read.
 You can read tarot for other people.
 You can be tarot for yourself.
 It doesn't matter what level you're at, you can do it.
 Actually, you just had a card pop out.


TikTok

 The 7 of cups.
 Step back from everything to gain perspective.
 That is what this is going to require you to do.
 You want to step into your intuition, you want to start reading tarot, you want to read tarot for yourself.
 You need to step back from your ego.
 and step into your spirit.
 You need to step back from the limiting mindset that is holding you back because that is what it's doing.


TikTok

 It's holding you back.
 You feel it calling to you.
 I'm on your own.
 That why I'm on your 4U page.
 You feel it calling to you, but you have so many distractions in your life.
 Distracting you away from who you truly are.
 But that voice you're hearing, that calling is real within your soul.
 It's there for a reason.
 Stay grounded, protect yourself, protect yourself, babe.


TikTok

 Ground yourself, uh, picture a black Obsidian pyramid around you as you ground yourself with yours into the earth.
 She, Mother Earth, is here to protect us as we explore these things.
 Spread your wings and fly.
 That's crazy.
 Spread your wings and fly, babe.
 You're ready.
 You are ready to go on your spiritual journey.


TikTok

 Now, it feels weird tying in these cards into like a reading, but these are the cards.
 These are like the most beginner friendly tarot cards ever.
 If you want to start doing tarot, definitely consider these ones.
 They're the most beginner friendly because they tell you, The, I mean, you can get any tarot deck and just intuitive, intuitively pull from the tarot deck.
 This one, just tells you what each meaning is, like on the card, if you pull it in reverse, it tells you what that means.


TikTok

 They're also gorgeous.
 Like, but also, you don't gotta buy it for me. And you gotta be mad, babe.
 I just like help people.
 With my gift.
 And I feel like they're similar.
 I feel like you're gonna come into this gift and wanna help people too.
 Maybe you'll even start your own channel.
 Your own spiritual channel.
 All I know is that it's time.
 It's time.


TikTok

 It's time for you. Like, I get goosebumps as I say that.
 I feel it so deeply for you.
 I'm gonna leave you with that.
 Let me know if you have questions.
 I'm gonna agree with that.


TikTok

 Collective word around town is, they have to walk around eggshells with you.
 At work, relationships, they're feeling like you're hard to please.
 But you're really just real.
 I see that you just like the simple things, honesty, loyalty, caring, and shit that's simple.
 You're not trying to impress anybody, but you got that RBF.
 You look like, oh, it better be that way.


TikTok

 God made you that way.
 That's your camouflage.
 Because if you were made off, like an earth angel, even though you are, but like, With aura, like everybody thinking you're soft, everybody will be attacking you.
 So that little camouflage, that makes people think that you got RBF or you're just a jerk off.
 It's funny, but you're the nicest person.
 You're easy to please.


TikTok

 It's a beautiful day out today.
 Make sure you guys drink water and get out, get some sun.
 Wheel that wheelchair out to the porch if you have to, crawl out of bed if you're sick.
 Stay in a good mentality.
 But yeah, you look like you are have RBF.
 But we see through that shit.
 You're the chosen.
 You are a hustler.
 Okay?
 You're a financial independent.
 You don't depend on any person, anyone, okay?


TikTok

 Male or female gender fluid, okay?
 It doesn't matter who you are.
 Like, you're about to have, like, literally bookings, clients.
 You're about to have people calling you for opportunities, for brand deals.
 Because not only are you marketable, but you are a hustler and people love that about you.
 You have people here watching you secretly.
 You didn't even know that higher ups were watching you at your job, at your career fields.


TikTok

 Okay?
 Within your business.
 Okay, within social media, whatever you do, okay?
 You are someone that people view as a hustler.
 People view you as a go getter.
 People love that, okay?
 Not only are you marketable, but you're reliable.
 You don't understand the opportunities that are coming for you.
 Keep the momentum going.
 Keep that momentum momentum of increase, okay, going for yourself because it is working.


TikTok

 Your hard work is going to pay off.
 You're not a show where you're a grower.
 What you are manifesting, what you're working towards, is for long term.
 Okay, stability, not short term goals, long term goals is what you have.
 Sometimes it takes a little bit of time, 130 through my timestamp, but now it's finally the time for you to shine.
 And for you to show yourself and to prove yourself, okay?
 That you can do it.
 That you can master anything that you put your mind in heart towards.


TikTok

 I'm hearing congratulations.
 Because where you're going next is going to be surreal.
 It's going to be like a dream come true for you.
 And you know it, baby.
 He says he loves you, but I know how you feel inside.
 You're assing everything I know you've been trying your eyes.
 Don't try to fight it after all you've been through
 Got your head in the something b down


TikTok

 I could be no
 Hey, man, friend.
 'Cause they was committed to misunderstanding you.
 So you committed to helping them understand you.
 Put your shoes on and got up, though.
 Now they understand that you're on play about you.
 Understood.
 That's why they mad, right?


TikTok

 You really give people hope.
 You give people ideas, you help guide people without even trying to sometimes.
 I get the sense that you're someone that a lot of people go to to talk about their problems or to vent to.
 also hearing to complain to.
 But I'm hearing that you have a way about you, where you don't even have to give advice in the traditional sense.
 Like, you're not the type to go around telling people what they should do because you understand that people rarely listen when somebody just tells them, oh, why don't you just do this, right?


TikTok

 Instead, you do something very, very interesting here, where you ask them certain questions that allow them to reflect on their situation and on their feelings and on their relationships, possibly, that make them come to their own aha moments, okay?
 Like the 6 of swords on the bottom of the deck, you guide people without even looking like you're guiding people.
 Like, it's just something about you.
 I'm hearing it's your wisdom.
 It's your natural wisdom, your natural intuition about situations.
 I'm hearing you always know what to say, even if you don't know where I'm hearing, like, I don't know where that came from.


TikTok

 I don't know where that line.
 I'm hearing that one liner came from.
 So I have swords in reverse and the chariot in reverse.
 Specifically a lot of people come to you who feel stuck in life or stuck within a decision, don't know how to move forward in some way.
 And they typically feel very much at a dead end in life, and it's almost like you ask certain questions or say certain things or validate them in certain ways that allow them to see, oh, hey, my situation is not hopeless.
 I think part of this is actually because you are someone who has been through a lot and have been in a lot of hearing tight corners, and you've been in a lot of situations that it felt like a dead end to you at that time.


TikTok

 And then you realized, oh, hey, I got past it.
 And so I feel like there's something about the way you talk about your own struggles.
 Like if someone's opening up to you about something after you listen to them and validate them, a lot of times you'll be like, 0 yeah, like I did go through something similar and this is what I did and this is how I moved through it.
 And again, it's not like you're telling them, oh, this is what I did, so you should try this.
 Have you tried that?
 This works for me.
 Instead, you're just talking.
 You're just talking as a human being about your experiences.
 And empathizing with them in a way.
 I'm seeing somebody like unlocking a padlock.


TikTok

 It's like something just clicks, and all these ideas start flooding in.
 You break the dam.
 to the river of progress.
 Okay, it sounds kind of cheesy, but we also had the hierophant and the queen of wands coming out sideways.
 I'm also hearing you are the perfect blend.
 Pink could be very significant.
 The color.
 You are the perfect blend of spiritual and baddy energy.
 You're very much giving like spiritual guru, like you are so freaking wise.
 You kind of give monk or priest energy as well.


TikTok

 I'm saying the high priestess in my mind's eye.
 People trust you.
 People trust your wisdom and your knowledge.
 Like, I'm getting that a lot of people probably compliment you on your intelligence, on your wisdom, on your life experiences, and hearing old soul, okay?
 You just have this very powerful energy about you.
 Like, you just got your shit together or you just know what life is all about.
 Like you hold the secrets to life, you hold the answers.
 I'm hearing like the key to the secret library.
 That's what I'm hearing.
 Haring Library of Alexandria for some reason is coming through.
 Queen of ones, though, is more of like just a fun life of the party, very magnetic, very charismatic sort of energy. Like, this is more grounded in real world situations and being very sociable, being a social butterfly, being able to kind of talk to anyone and make everyone laugh and bring a lot of high energy into the room.


TikTok

 I'm getting a very like bubbly, optimistic, bright personality.
 And so, I'm hearing that it's funny because you kind of act as this,
 I'm hearing a new flavor that a lot of people aren't used to because a lot of people are used to, oh, when you're spiritual, those types of people are very calm and reserved and quiet.
 You are not like that, though.
 You are loud.
 You are boisterous.
 You might be an extrovert.
 You're just somebody who, you might also be very like flirty, sensual, sexual.


TikTok

 You just really trip people up because they are not expecting.
 Like, it's almost like people see one side or the other of you 1st.
 Either they see like that flirtatious life of the party side and then they learn that you're spiritual and they're like, oh, you're not the type that I would expect to be so in tune with spiritual wisdom, or they see that's funny with the sideways cards, or they see the spiritual side of you first.
 Like they come to you in a spiritual way. And then they see this crazy wild and free life of the party side of you and they're like, whoa, I didn't realize you were so crazy.


TikTok

 Like crazy in a good way.
 So, yeah, you have this very beautiful contradictory energy.
 It's not even really contradictory because it just works.
 Like with you, it just works.
 But I'm just hearing there's not a lot of people like you.
 This is a very rare collective and people can't get enough of you.
 People can't get enough of your energy. And not only are you just an enjoyable person to be around, but you literally change lives.
 You transform lives, you help guide people into a better reality, into a better world.
 You are truly a light worker in every sense of the word.
 Like, not only are you a light worker in helping brain light to people that are living in shadows and darkness.


TikTok

 But you also bring light in the sense of knowledge, inspiration, wisdom, and then also just having a good time.
 Like, I'm hearing like hedonist, okay?
 I feel like you are somebody that you truly see life as something that's meant to be lived and explored and experienced.
 And joyful.
 Okay?
 I hearing you're not very serious.
 That's another thing that takes people by surprise is because of how spiritual you are.
 People expect you to be kind of stoic or serious.
 You're not that way.
 You like, nah, we're just we're all here to have a good time.


TikTok

 We get one we get one life.
 We get one shot.
 Okay, so I'm just going to live life to the fullest.
 I'm going to be wild and free.
 So yeah, I just, I'm obsessed with the energy of this collective.
 Y'all are so freaking cool.
 I'm also getting something about your style, the way you dress, the way you do your hair, your makeup.
 Like, you really stand out to people. And You're just extremely, extremely likable.
 Like a lot of people are very into your energy right now.
 Somebody playing boogie, man.


TikTok

 They conjured up a demonic spirit.
 attached to them, and they wanted to essay me.
 The Warlock sick.
 In the head and health wise.
 Electromagnetic waves while sleeping, infrared weapons.
 Pluto reincarnated queen.


TikTok

 At the age of two, there was a ritual to mute my gifts, because they couldn't be controlled or tained.
 November 12th.
 Mom dies.
 Then you...
 At that point, really didn't...
 I knew it was a thing, but I didn't know what it was, okay?
 I mean, okay.
 There's...


TikTok

 There's 2 very prominent people, B and J, who use illusions to steal inheritances.
 But they're cloaked.
 as white people.
 paid money to kidnap me.
 and send Hitman.
 And there has been a paper trail that has been left.
 And they've been doing this since I was a kid.


TikTok

 They invaded my town a long time ago, because he's an angel investor.
 And they're legions, legions, body jumping.
 Let's see in the Bible, Legion meets 2000, and the army, it means 6000.
 They get legions body jumping, okay?
 And they found...
 They found a way to cross over without dying.


TikTok

 I know I've experienced that, and I thought I was dripping many times.
 Good to know I wasn't.
 And sometimes I, look, I write my downloads down because, and I don't remember that I had run down.
 So I'm glad I went over this because I knew they some coincide with no one.
 The mastermind figured that out, by the way.
 That would be the same husband that went cash out, the same person.


TikTok

 National treasure, dizzy spells, worst nightmare.
 and Michigan.
 Okay?
 All right.
 Now, this last bit, our downloads from today.
 They need to race themselves.
 Dream. These are dreams.
 There's somebody pretending to be the opposite gender.


TikTok

 Both Elon and Trump have been interested in me.
 I've been on this, but... Um, Trump's backdated docs.
 Look, unless I see it right in front of me, I don't believe shit, because I have seen stuff on Spotify, YouTube backdated 2015, talking about current 22, 2021 events.
 So, and that, because, I'm just saying, magnating is apparently not hard if you know how to do.
 Yeah.


TikTok

 Um.
 Trump?
 Okay, Trump back dating documents, lying.
 Bald guy with a beard.
 Hmm.
 Messing with DNA on a base.
 Somebody's sibling went to school for, like, disease and all of that.
 I only did a DNA test without me there, or knowing.


TikTok

 exploiting it to others to make money.
 So I got it to people's family trees and shit.
 There was a clown, like Pennywise.
 The line of invention.
 Okay.
 Someone passed.
 Underwater, and sadness.
 That left me something.
 Some about a supermarket, and a fire, and a parking lot.


TikTok

 Uh, I mean, supermarket, but I don't know, um, crypto wallets.
 You wanna talk about crypto?
 If not a bridge, on the card was the Bay Bridge.
 God, the bay.
 The feast.
 There's a headstone in a resting place.
 A main, a main female past, short lived, receiving income, seven income and grocery store.


TikTok

 I would have to find




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 19:42
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

A mythical reality of unicorns and rainbows on a solo isolation journey.
 And you were always guided.
 You always leave yourself signs and people look at it and they're like, how does this person always turn negative into positive?
 You are a master alchemist, you're the master magician.
 You will walk through reality like a popular loner like John Wick does.
 Except you're basically John Mix, John Wick mixed with Neo.


TikTok

 People think that you're God.
 It's because you do things that a normal human being shouldn't be able to do, and you're able to transmute any negative situation into something positive.
 Your presence commands attention.
 Your very presence changes the atmosphere in the entire room and people think that you're God.
 How do you keep doing this?
 I love you.


TikTok

 People say that your existence doesn't follow logic.
 Welcome to the channel, everyone, Lithi Alchemist here back with another general reading.
 This is for all signs.
 Hit that like and subscribe button so you'll be notified when I upload or go live.
 Do not force the reading.
 If it does not resonate with you, okay?
 It just does not resonate with you.


TikTok

 Let's get into it.
 So we have the star.
 This is Aquarius Energy.
 I feel like people would say, you're like an old legend.
 And an old legend making its presence known again.
 Okay, in in this present world.
 You could have, this is Aquarius Energy.
 You could have Aquarius aspected in your NATO chart or be an Aquarius sun, moon, rising.


TikTok

 Okay?
 But you come off as a being a force of nature of some sort that comes from a whole other era.
 Okay?
 Um, Is it's like you feel less like a person to people?
 And more like a sign.
 If that makes sense, like a sign of confirmation.


TikTok

 Um, a sign of making something make sense in your life.
 Okay, as far as maybe something that you could not figure out on your own.
 Okay?
 Or I'm not you. Others may not have been able to figure out on their own.
 Like, you come off as that confirmation to them.
 Yeah, we have the Will of Fortune.
 This is Sagittarius Energy.
 You could be Sagittarius here or have Sagittarius energy aspected in your NATO chart.


TikTok

 It's like after people meet you, they're still trying to explain you.
 You know, there, there are still questions that are left and and you're one to leave more questions than answers.
 You know, so it's definitely an energy where you stay in someone's mind, whether the back of their mind, their subconscious, um, you're definitely still there.


TikTok

 To them, Like I said, there's for some reason, there's not a logical explanation for you.
 It's like the energy that you give off.
 And It's something that they don't understand, you know, a lot of you were never meant to make sense.
 in this world.
 is the energy that you give off.
 We have the death card, Scorpio Energy.
 It's like some people are searching for an answer that just does not exist when it comes to you.


TikTok

 You are like that ancient mystery that is still unsolvable.
 Like, it's not meant to be solved.
 That's why people are still talking about it.
 Still trying to embody it.
 And it's, it's, you are never ordinary enough to be understood, to begin with, with the ace of pinnacles.
 This is Taurus, Virgo, Capricorn Energy.
 Like even time cannot explain you.


TikTok

 And I know it takes time for oysters, for pearls to form an oysters, and this is like an energy, and the water itself is another world.
 You know, so like I said, even time can explain you.
 And then just that process alone with the oyster and the pearl, that is still something that is so fascinating.
 Just as you are.
 It's like you're from another lifetime.
 is how people perceive you.


TikTok

 Like your presence, it feels older than your name.
 You know, regardless of your age.
 Um, it could be something about your maturity level.
 Um, it could just be about what you know and that others are are just taken aback or or, you know, they they themselves are not educated on certain things of the world that you are.
 And like I said, you could be an Aquarius, you could be Sagittarius here.


TikTok

 You could be Scorpio.
 Um, or tourist, Virgo, Capricorn, energy.
 One thing for sure that people agree on is your spirit.
 It definitely carries, especially with the star and the death card in ancient signature.
 You know how today we're still studying the pyramids in ancient Egypt and still looking for the lost world of Atlantis.


TikTok

 And and Noah's Ark, you know what I mean?
 Just all these different phenomenons.
 I feel like you come from something of the sorts, you know, if not specifically one of those things.
 We have the 3 of cups.
 Like this is something that people can sit and talk hours and hours on about you.
 You know, your bloodline did not produce ordinary energy.
 is what the conclusion is.
 Like, there's definitely something ancient moving through you.


TikTok

 Right?
 There's no question about it with the 8 of pinnacles.
 Like it may even your creative side, you know, it's like people may looking at you like, where did you come up with that idea?
 Whether it's fashion, art, um, uh, a carpenter, um, a minor, you know, like, um, what's the word I'm looking for?
 Um, just someone that that makes things out of fire, you know, it's just whatever it is that you are able to creatively do that.


TikTok

 Most people wouldn't think to pick up and be able to do the way that you are.
 Your lineage, it definitely left footprints long before you arrived.
 In this Ada pinnacles, is Virgo energy.
 This 3 of cups is cancer energy.
 So you could be either of those signs as well.
 But you carry something, like I said, that did not begin with you.
 You know, that's why You wonder why you just can pick it up and just do it.


TikTok

 You know what I mean?
 Because it was already created before you.
 And your ancestors are speaking through you in this generation.


Microphone

They're here, they're here.
 You put the winter, you gave it to me to put somewhere.
 I put wherever I want to.
 You give to me everywhere.
 I put that wherever I want to.
 Did your mommy call you?


Microphone

 L.


TikTok

era of life here with the king of wands.
 This is Leo Energy.
 Like you inherited something that cannot be taught.
 Bottom line, like your gifts, You carry were passed down from the previous generation and the generation before that, and you are to carry that on.
 whether people understand it or not.
 All right?
 I'm gonna leave this reading here, hit that like and subscribe button for more messages from me.


TikTok

 Ill catch you later.
 respectfully.
 You can do this, too.
 You can do this.
 And I know, you know, you can do this too.
 You can read.
 You can read tarot for other people.
 You can be tarot for yourself.
 It doesn't matter what level you're at, you can do it.
 Actually, you just had a card pop out.


TikTok

 The 7 of cups.
 Step back from everything to gain perspective.
 That is what this is going to require you to do.
 You want to step into your intuition, you want to start reading tarot, you want to read tarot for yourself.
 You need to step back from your ego.
 and step into your spirit.
 You need to step back from the limiting mindset that is holding you back because that is what it's doing.


TikTok

 It's holding you back.
 You feel it calling to you.
 I'm on your own.
 That why I'm on your 4U page.
 You feel it calling to you, but you have so many distractions in your life.
 Distracting you away from who you truly are.
 But that voice you're hearing, that calling is real within your soul.
 It's there for a reason.
 Stay grounded, protect yourself, protect yourself, babe.


TikTok

 Ground yourself, uh, picture a black Obsidian pyramid around you as you ground yourself with yours into the earth.
 She, Mother Earth, is here to protect us as we explore these things.
 Spread your wings and fly.
 That's crazy.
 Spread your wings and fly, babe.
 You're ready.
 You are ready to go on your spiritual journey.


TikTok

 Now, it feels weird tying in these cards into like a reading, but these are the cards.
 These are like the most beginner friendly tarot cards ever.
 If you want to start doing tarot, definitely consider these ones.
 They're the most beginner friendly because they tell you, The, I mean, you can get any tarot deck and just intuitive, intuitively pull from the tarot deck.
 This one, just tells you what each meaning is, like on the card, if you pull it in reverse, it tells you what that means.


TikTok

 They're also gorgeous.
 Like, but also, you don't gotta buy it for me. And you gotta be mad, babe.
 I just like help people.
 With my gift.
 And I feel like they're similar.
 I feel like you're gonna come into this gift and wanna help people too.
 Maybe you'll even start your own channel.
 Your own spiritual channel.
 All I know is that it's time.
 It's time.


TikTok

 It's time for you. Like, I get goosebumps as I say that.
 I feel it so deeply for you.
 I'm gonna leave you with that.
 Let me know if you have questions.
 I'm gonna agree with that.


TikTok

 Collective word around town is, they have to walk around eggshells with you.
 At work, relationships, they're feeling like you're hard to please.
 But you're really just real.
 I see that you just like the simple things, honesty, loyalty, caring, and shit that's simple.
 You're not trying to impress anybody, but you got that RBF.
 You look like, oh, it better be that way.


TikTok

 God made you that way.
 That's your camouflage.
 Because if you were made off, like an earth angel, even though you are, but like, With aura, like everybody thinking you're soft, everybody will be attacking you.
 So that little camouflage, that makes people think that you got RBF or you're just a jerk off.
 It's funny, but you're the nicest person.
 You're easy to please.


TikTok

 It's a beautiful day out today.
 Make sure you guys drink water and get out, get some sun.
 Wheel that wheelchair out to the porch if you have to, crawl out of bed if you're sick.
 Stay in a good mentality.
 But yeah, you look like you are have RBF.
 But we see through that shit.
 You're the chosen.
 You are a hustler.
 Okay?
 You're a financial independent.
 You don't depend on any person, anyone, okay?


TikTok

 Male or female gender fluid, okay?
 It doesn't matter who you are.
 Like, you're about to have, like, literally bookings, clients.
 You're about to have people calling you for opportunities, for brand deals.
 Because not only are you marketable, but you are a hustler and people love that about you.
 You have people here watching you secretly.
 You didn't even know that higher ups were watching you at your job, at your career fields.


TikTok

 Okay?
 Within your business.
 Okay, within social media, whatever you do, okay?
 You are someone that people view as a hustler.
 People view you as a go getter.
 People love that, okay?
 Not only are you marketable, but you're reliable.
 You don't understand the opportunities that are coming for you.
 Keep the momentum going.
 Keep that momentum momentum of increase, okay, going for yourself because it is working.


TikTok

 Your hard work is going to pay off.
 You're not a show where you're a grower.
 What you are manifesting, what you're working towards, is for long term.
 Okay, stability, not short term goals, long term goals is what you have.
 Sometimes it takes a little bit of time, 130 through my timestamp, but now it's finally the time for you to shine.
 And for you to show yourself and to prove yourself, okay?
 That you can do it.
 That you can master anything that you put your mind in heart towards.


TikTok

 I'm hearing congratulations.
 Because where you're going next is going to be surreal.
 It's going to be like a dream come true for you.
 And you know it, baby.
 He says he loves you, but I know how you feel inside.
 You're assing everything I know you've been trying your eyes.
 Don't try to fight it after all you've been through
 Got your head in the something b down


TikTok

 I could be no
 Hey, man, friend.
 'Cause they was committed to misunderstanding you.
 So you committed to helping them understand you.
 Put your shoes on and got up, though.
 Now they understand that you're on play about you.
 Understood.
 That's why they mad, right?


TikTok

 You really give people hope.
 You give people ideas, you help guide people without even trying to sometimes.
 I get the sense that you're someone that a lot of people go to to talk about their problems or to vent to.
 also hearing to complain to.
 But I'm hearing that you have a way about you, where you don't even have to give advice in the traditional sense.
 Like, you're not the type to go around telling people what they should do because you understand that people rarely listen when somebody just tells them, oh, why don't you just do this, right?


TikTok

 Instead, you do something very, very interesting here, where you ask them certain questions that allow them to reflect on their situation and on their feelings and on their relationships, possibly, that make them come to their own aha moments, okay?
 Like the 6 of swords on the bottom of the deck, you guide people without even looking like you're guiding people.
 Like, it's just something about you.
 I'm hearing it's your wisdom.
 It's your natural wisdom, your natural intuition about situations.
 I'm hearing you always know what to say, even if you don't know where I'm hearing, like, I don't know where that came from.


TikTok

 I don't know where that line.
 I'm hearing that one liner came from.
 So I have swords in reverse and the chariot in reverse.
 Specifically a lot of people come to you who feel stuck in life or stuck within a decision, don't know how to move forward in some way.
 And they typically feel very much at a dead end in life, and it's almost like you ask certain questions or say certain things or validate them in certain ways that allow them to see, oh, hey, my situation is not hopeless.
 I think part of this is actually because you are someone who has been through a lot and have been in a lot of hearing tight corners, and you've been in a lot of situations that it felt like a dead end to you at that time.


TikTok

 And then you realized, oh, hey, I got past it.
 And so I feel like there's something about the way you talk about your own struggles.
 Like if someone's opening up to you about something after you listen to them and validate them, a lot of times you'll be like, 0 yeah, like I did go through something similar and this is what I did and this is how I moved through it.
 And again, it's not like you're telling them, oh, this is what I did, so you should try this.
 Have you tried that?
 This works for me.
 Instead, you're just talking.
 You're just talking as a human being about your experiences.
 And empathizing with them in a way.
 I'm seeing somebody like unlocking a padlock.


TikTok

 It's like something just clicks, and all these ideas start flooding in.
 You break the dam.
 to the river of progress.
 Okay, it sounds kind of cheesy, but we also had the hierophant and the queen of wands coming out sideways.
 I'm also hearing you are the perfect blend.
 Pink could be very significant.
 The color.
 You are the perfect blend of spiritual and baddy energy.
 You're very much giving like spiritual guru, like you are so freaking wise.
 You kind of give monk or priest energy as well.


TikTok

 I'm saying the high priestess in my mind's eye.
 People trust you.
 People trust your wisdom and your knowledge.
 Like, I'm getting that a lot of people probably compliment you on your intelligence, on your wisdom, on your life experiences, and hearing old soul, okay?
 You just have this very powerful energy about you.
 Like, you just got your shit together or you just know what life is all about.
 Like you hold the secrets to life, you hold the answers.
 I'm hearing like the key to the secret library.
 That's what I'm hearing.
 Haring Library of Alexandria for some reason is coming through.
 Queen of ones, though, is more of like just a fun life of the party, very magnetic, very charismatic sort of energy. Like, this is more grounded in real world situations and being very sociable, being a social butterfly, being able to kind of talk to anyone and make everyone laugh and bring a lot of high energy into the room.


TikTok

 I'm getting a very like bubbly, optimistic, bright personality.
 And so, I'm hearing that it's funny because you kind of act as this,
 I'm hearing a new flavor that a lot of people aren't used to because a lot of people are used to, oh, when you're spiritual, those types of people are very calm and reserved and quiet.
 You are not like that, though.
 You are loud.
 You are boisterous.
 You might be an extrovert.
 You're just somebody who, you might also be very like flirty, sensual, sexual.


TikTok

 You just really trip people up because they are not expecting.
 Like, it's almost like people see one side or the other of you 1st.
 Either they see like that flirtatious life of the party side and then they learn that you're spiritual and they're like, oh, you're not the type that I would expect to be so in tune with spiritual wisdom, or they see that's funny with the sideways cards, or they see the spiritual side of you first.
 Like they come to you in a spiritual way. And then they see this crazy wild and free life of the party side of you and they're like, whoa, I didn't realize you were so crazy.


TikTok

 Like crazy in a good way.
 So, yeah, you have this very beautiful contradictory energy.
 It's not even really contradictory because it just works.
 Like with you, it just works.
 But I'm just hearing there's not a lot of people like you.
 This is a very rare collective and people can't get enough of you.
 People can't get enough of your energy. And not only are you just an enjoyable person to be around, but you literally change lives.
 You transform lives, you help guide people into a better reality, into a better world.
 You are truly a light worker in every sense of the word.
 Like, not only are you a light worker in helping brain light to people that are living in shadows and darkness.


TikTok

 But you also bring light in the sense of knowledge, inspiration, wisdom, and then also just having a good time.
 Like, I'm hearing like hedonist, okay?
 I feel like you are somebody that you truly see life as something that's meant to be lived and explored and experienced.
 And joyful.
 Okay?
 I hearing you're not very serious.
 That's another thing that takes people by surprise is because of how spiritual you are.
 People expect you to be kind of stoic or serious.
 You're not that way.
 You like, nah, we're just we're all here to have a good time.


TikTok

 We get one we get one life.
 We get one shot.
 Okay, so I'm just going to live life to the fullest.
 I'm going to be wild and free.
 So yeah, I just, I'm obsessed with the energy of this collective.
 Y'all are so freaking cool.
 I'm also getting something about your style, the way you dress, the way you do your hair, your makeup.
 Like, you really stand out to people. And You're just extremely, extremely likable.
 Like a lot of people are very into your energy right now.
 Somebody playing boogie, man.


TikTok

 They conjured up a demonic spirit.
 attached to them, and they wanted to essay me.
 The Warlock sick.
 In the head and health wise.
 Electromagnetic waves while sleeping, infrared weapons.
 Pluto reincarnated queen.


TikTok

 At the age of two, there was a ritual to mute my gifts, because they couldn't be controlled or tained.
 November 12th.
 Mom dies.
 Then you...
 At that point, really didn't...
 I knew it was a thing, but I didn't know what it was, okay?
 I mean, okay.
 There's...


TikTok

 There's 2 very prominent people, B and J, who use illusions to steal inheritances.
 But they're cloaked.
 as white people.
 paid money to kidnap me.
 and send Hitman.
 And there has been a paper trail that has been left.
 And they've been doing this since I was a kid.


TikTok

 They invaded my town a long time ago, because he's an angel investor.
 And they're legions, legions, body jumping.
 Let's see in the Bible, Legion meets 2000, and the army, it means 6000.
 They get legions body jumping, okay?
 And they found...
 They found a way to cross over without dying.


TikTok

 I know I've experienced that, and I thought I was dripping many times.
 Good to know I wasn't.
 And sometimes I, look, I write my downloads down because, and I don't remember that I had run down.
 So I'm glad I went over this because I knew they some coincide with no one.
 The mastermind figured that out, by the way.
 That would be the same husband that went cash out, the same person.


TikTok

 National treasure, dizzy spells, worst nightmare.
 and Michigan.
 Okay?
 All right.
 Now, this last bit, our downloads from today.
 They need to race themselves.
 Dream. These are dreams.
 There's somebody pretending to be the opposite gender.


TikTok

 Both Elon and Trump have been interested in me.
 I've been on this, but... Um, Trump's backdated docs.
 Look, unless I see it right in front of me, I don't believe shit, because I have seen stuff on Spotify, YouTube backdated 2015, talking about current 22, 2021 events.
 So, and that, because, I'm just saying, magnating is apparently not hard if you know how to do.
 Yeah.


TikTok

 Um.
 Trump?
 Okay, Trump back dating documents, lying.
 Bald guy with a beard.
 Hmm.
 Messing with DNA on a base.
 Somebody's sibling went to school for, like, disease and all of that.
 I only did a DNA test without me there, or knowing.


TikTok

 exploiting it to others to make money.
 So I got it to people's family trees and shit.
 There was a clown, like Pennywise.
 The line of invention.
 Okay.
 Someone passed.
 Underwater, and sadness.
 That left me something.
 Some about a supermarket, and a fire, and a parking lot.


TikTok

 Uh, I mean, supermarket, but I don't know, um, crypto wallets.
 You wanna talk about crypto?
 If not a bridge, on the card was the Bay Bridge.
 God, the bay.
 The feast.
 There's a headstone in a resting place.
 A main, a main female past, short lived, receiving income, seven income and grocery store.


TikTok

 I would have to find it, find it, but it's one of my readers, and I just, well, I hear.
 The friend that died, it was in like August.
 It was a girl.
 I'm not sure.
 I have an idea from what's explained, but... It's not somebody I knew died.
 They were sending me a message, letting me know.
 Oh.


TikTok

 But...
 You have a lot of eyes on you.
 Like a lot of eyes on you to the point where people daydream about you. For some, they could have like parasocial relationship with you.
 For those of you who may work online in some type of way, these people watching work.


TikTok

 You have a particular person here who feels like you are definitely out of their lead.
 But they like um, fantasizing about you anyways.
 You also have another person who looks like you are their soulmate.
 You guys are equally yoked in some type of way.
 Um, they feel like you are very valuable.
 You also have another person here who is low key a hater.
 So, I mean, I have to put it where it fits, but look, I can't make this shit up stalking.


TikTok

 Stalking, watching, obsessed.
 This person is deaf.
 These people, I'm hearing, these people are definitely obsessed with you in some type of way.
 Um, This one energy that's poking out that feels like you're their soulmate, they want to take care of you.
 Like, if you have, like, they want to take some responsibility off your plate, like, to the point where they're like paying your bills and stuff like that.
 Okay?
 This person, um, may see you work on a day to day, does not have to necessarily be online, but I feel like this person watches your grind and they love how, um, I'm hearing you're with the hustle and bustle or something like that.


TikTok

 Yeah, you're definitely winning right now.
 Um, and this person, you know, take a little bit off your face, so that's beautiful.
 Forever view, you got mixed energies here.
 People who want to
 Have fun with you on a actual side.
 Um, you have people here who dream about being with you, but just like they feel like she would never even look my way or he would never look my way.
 People are also seeing the way that you carry yourself.


TikTok

 the way that you love them or stuff and stuff like that.
 You're very valuable.
 You come off very valuable or important, you know, or something like that.
 But again, girlfriend arguments, physical fight at war competing, you definitely have a couple people here who are competing.
 And for some of you, this person who feels like, um, um, you're their soulmate, something like that.
 They're willing to compete for you because they see the people that are around you or like in your energy for, especially for those of you who are like on the internet because how else would they be able to stalk you?


TikTok

 And like, that's my baby, or that's mine, or whatever case might be.
 Somebody could have dark hair.
 What my card?
 Yes, this person looks at your social media and stuff like that and they start reflecting on a lot of things or thinking about a lot of things or like I said, these are people in general.
 They get on your social media and they just start running scenarios in their head and reflecting on the times that for some of you that may have connected with these people or like I said, for others, if you, y'all definitely got people who got parasocial relationships with you.


TikTok

 But there's other people who maybe you did give a chance to, yep, and you're ignoring these people.
 Ooh.
 Baby, they all let me know business. And what?
 Don't do that.
 Bankrupt.
 You're not giving any type of energy from these people.
 Look, fake accounts.
 Damn.
 It's that serious to them?
 Fake accounts and creeping?
 That's burnt out.
 For some of y'all, y'all got a specific, a specific person on here, whoever this person is, who's competing with you, um, that's that's this hater.


TikTok

 They trying to dig up some type of dirt on you to like call you out or see if you have some type of bad reputation or something like that, but they can't find nothing.
 They looking dumb.
 All they see is you winning.
 That's it.
 Get into that money.
 Some of y'all could be a business owner or something like that.
 But yeah, this is somebody who be trying to copy you in that type of way or, you know, want to be you. For some, y'all, I could even dress like you.
 I don't know, but I feel like you're over here moving in silence.
 Your mind is doing this, you're working in silence and stuff like that.


TikTok

 You're winning in silence and you're just, you're ignoring people.
 And I feel like it's putting people in their their ego right now because you just blocking all that shit out and they mad.
 Collective.
 There will be no more warnings.
 For this particular enemy.
 Somebody has been warned over and over and over again.
 What I was getting is grace on top of grace, forgiveness, on top of forgiveness.
 But they have been warned to not do it again.


TikTok

 Guess what they did?
 They did it again.
 Severe consequences have been ushered.
 I'm talking about God tie, the universe tie.
 We tied.
 Everybody tag.
 You want to know what we tied of?
 This is the thing.
 The disrespect.
 You know how in the Bible say, God is not mocked, you will reap what you sow?
 That mocking part.
 It's like you're going to keep trying to collect them.
 You're gonna keep doing your magic, your spell casting, whatever it is, your dark arts that you do.


TikTok

 You think you're gonna keep doing that over and over and over?
 The clock has run out.
 The expiration date has passed.
 And I was getting, listen.
 There is about to be a slow burn of epic proportions.
 Do you know what that means?
 I was getting, there's about to be a 26 year downhill experience for one of your ops.
 That's the severe consequences.


TikTok

 The severe consequences are so severe that it's not a request anymore.
 Don't do that anymore.
 No, now it's a, you can't do that.
 What I was getting is a 26 year pit.
 Somebody is going to slowly roll down a hill.
 And they gonna hit that pit.
 And it'll be 26 years before they even see the surface.
 Okay?
 I was getting again, one on the top, but one on grace on top of grace.
 Our melanin is activating like a motherfucker, this bitch.


TikTok

 See, when you shine like this, this motherfucker, goddamn it, when you goddamn crystalline, like how you is, I this motherfucker, goddamn it.
 You can sit in 100 degree weather out this bitch, goddamn it.
 You can goddamn, you know, you get chilling this 100 degree weather out this bitch.
 fit at the extent like that.
 this motherf talking about like this shit don't be really about nothing out this bitch.
 If it is.
 like, nah, this bitch, god damn it.
 Like, you fit it is?
 Like, this home.
 Like, we sun guys and goddesses out this bitch.
 If it is, you gotta overstay this eye shake.
 We was telling y'all that it was gonna be hot as a motherfucker, I do this.
 Like last summer I did.


TikTok

 It have been a lot of us last summer, we had to really get our bodies and our temples ready for this type of heat out of this bit.
 So, you know, this summer, I've been, this shit is nothing out of this, goddamnit.
 You see?
 It's 100 degrees weather out of this bitch, goddamn it, I'm not here with a T-shirt on, goddamn short.
 I don't you name jeans, whatever.
 But goddamn?
 Yeah.
 God damn, they're like, we out here goddamn bottom with this shit.
 I just, this is, this is us.
 You feel me, goddamn it.
 We sun gods and goddesses.
 We the children of the motherfucking son.


TikTok

 You know, with us always being the children of the motherfucking son out of this bitch.
 You know, we just built to just be in this sun.
 This is our weather.
 We are tropical people.
 You feel me?
 We've always been a tropical people out this bitch.
 Infinity, overstanding, I say, you know, so get yourself acclimated to this motherfucking weather. If you're not out, this bitch goddamn it, you ain't goddamn it, go enjoy the weather.
 Go enjoy the sun, goddamn it.
 Because you see...
 Tastes good as a motherfucker.
 This bitch goddamn other stages, I'll shake, man.
 Peace of the tribe, peace of the guys and guys




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 20:48
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

 Your frequency is so vibrant.
 It's very attractive.
 to everything that you deserve.
 You're going right towards the promise.
 You walking right towards it.
 You done tripped many times, but...
 You believe in yourself.
 That's why I believe in you.
 I believe in you, beautiful soul.


TikTok

 The love you shed, the healing you shed.
 You're so aware, you're so aware, I feel protected, beautiful soul, when it come to you.
 I feel so protected.
 So honored to be in the grace of your presence.
 I believe in you, beautiful soul.
 I believe in you.
 Drop that in the commons.
 I believe in you.
 I believe in you, beautiful.


TikTok

 So drop that in the comments, I believe in you.
 Because it's only the reflection that we all...
 This mirror is one in this tree of life.
 I'm so proud of you.
 I'm so proud of you.
 Everything that you went through, beautiful soul.
 If you look back, you got testimony, after testimony, after testimony, a belief.
 Oh, my God.
 You ready to touch lives?


TikTok

 You ready to touch lives?
 I believe in you.
 If this resonates to you, if this is about you, share this message because God lives within you, God lives within you, beautiful soul.
 Share this message.
 That's a blessing.
 That shows how powerful you are.
 Because you're touching another soul.
 And they don't even expect it, but the clarity, at hand, is hilly because of something you did, beautiful.
 So I believe in you.


TikTok

 I worship you.
 I love you.
 God loves you.
 We are one in this tree of life.
 We just on different journeys, turning new, leaf, beautiful soul.
 We got an assignment, beautiful, so a powerful assignment.
 is different.
 It's healing for humanity, and everything else that comes after that.
 God is here.
 God has given you clarity.
 God is showing you the way God has always provided for you.


TikTok

 protected you.
 Yes, I believe in you.
 I believe in you.
 The purity of God's smear of who you are.
 That's beauty beyond this beast.
 You done the work, you healed, and you're still healing.
 You're still learning.
 I believe in you because you took your mind back and you let go of all the control.
 You stop believing the outside world and start believing the world within you, the vessel within you.
 I believe you, beautiful, so I believe in you.
 Drop that in the comments.
 I believe in you.


TikTok

 I believe in you.
 Share this message, beautiful.
 So this can reach your timeline.
 If this was your time, I share this message, you blessed.
 God has an abundancy of surprises for you.
 An abundancy of surprises for you is a whole, it's at hand, beautiful.
 So, as a whole, as a hand.
 I believe it, you because you done the work.
 You done the work.
 Remember that.
 Share this message.
 Be your blessing on top of a blessing.
 That's a walking blessing.


TikTok

 Beautiful, soul, beautiful soul.
 Is to a life, major moves.
 M, m...
 I believe in you.
 Let me learn yourself, friend.
 A uninvited guest, my love, is a distraction.
 Mm hmm.
 A uninvited guest, my love.
 is a disturbance.
 Imagine you are at home in today's cleanup day.
 Getting rid of all the trash, all the baggage, all the clutter.


TikTok

 And then you get a knock at your door.
 Mind you, cleaning is a way of cleansing when you are getting rid of the old to bring in new.
 Imagine you were telling yourself, oh, I'm going to have a good day.
 I'm going to relax.
 I am not going to go anywhere.
 I going to chill at home.
 And be peaceful.
 Then you get a knock at your door.
 Someone coming over to trauma dumb.
 Start miss, be a bother to you and your spirit.


TikTok

 That is a disturbance, my love.
 You're praying, and someone knocks on your door, ring your doorbell.
 Calling your phone.
 You don't answer.
 So they keep knocking and knocking and knocking.
 And then you finally go open up your door.
 No one is there.
 That is a distraction.
 Because, baby, you got to understand, whenever you are in the midst of doing anything for yourself that is going to benefit you in the long run or in the current moment.


TikTok

 The devil is going to send any type of distraction your way.
 Because it's gonna move you away from what God has you to do.
 And whenever you're trying to be peaceful, become one whole within yourself and within God.
 The devil will send a disturbance to shake you up.
 I want you to understand if they do bring drama.
 That is the spirit of chaos knocking at your door.


TikTok

 And I need for you to understand that, baby.
 I love you
 People are reminiscent about you, Chosen One.
 Very nostalgic at this time.
 For when they once knew you, a lot of replaying, old memories in their heads, and putting themselves in old memories to refuel, re experience, and see what they missed the first time.


TikTok

 When they were with you, when they had you.
 I'm on the high sea...
 You... present a side of yourself.
 Only when necessary, only when given divine go ahead.
 that is very certain, most of the time, you may exist in a very... aloof.


TikTok

 Uninterested energy that other people, other people interpret it like that.
 Because of your ability to... tune into the frequency that you want... to exist at.
 You treat people the way you want to be treated.
 This is, like, naivety that people mistook in you.
 And I'm seeing this side of you that can come forward, that does not mince words, that does not Sugarcoat.


TikTok

 Takes people off guard.
 The truth that you speak.
 You just, you cause awakenings for people, that they are not... comfortable with.
 You make it very, very clear.
 In any interaction, oof.
 Flying bugs on a during spirits, maybe.
 Applicable here.
 But you are able to go into... situations in which people think that they can mistake your kindness for weakness.


TikTok

 Hmm.
 And you are a whole tower.
 Angel?
 Burn your bloody ass.
 So all you motherfuckers...
 There's concession in this energy.
 Your opponents are at surrender at this moment.
 They are kneeling.
 In this energy, buckling under the pressure that you are.


TikTok

 The truth that you are...
 People have not wanted the truth of you to come forward, the truth about... the tower, the tower, and the lovers here.
 They don't want... You to have all that you deserve, because it will displace them is what this energy is.
 They don't care when I'm making you walk the blank...
 They fear being displaced by death.


TikTok

 Hmm.
 The very death they summoned, mind you, the very death they celebrated as a group, called here.
 Who else do they have to blame?
 This is why I'm picking up on buckling energy.
 from this wall of your opponents that are crumbling one at a time, falling.
 Don't ever forget about me 'Cause I know those riders Because of the truth that you are.


TikTok

 People can only try to come around with guises of love under the guise of love.
 To steal at this point.
 Beware of... suspicious means to get in your energy.
 Do not give these people anything, not small, small talks, small talk, or, ugh, throat chakra.
 Don't give them anything.
 Don't give him any of your energy.


TikTok

 It's time to make them uncomfortable.
 Mm hmm.
 Yes, it is.
 Calling it out.
 You see, because the longer that you have gone on, just clocking it internally and turning the other cheat... It's time to make them uncomfortable.
 You know.
 How they're feeling inside.
 You know what they're due, because they sent all of this five of Cup's energy towards you, and it's ricocheting... Right back at them, boomeranging, right back at them.


TikTok

 And they watch you to keep a rain on where things are going.
 How quickly this cycle is ending.
 And this is what I was gonna say before we were interrupted.
 I've been picking up on people wanting to get around you and give you hexed items.
 Come around you and give you, under the, um, pretense that it is an offering or a gift.


TikTok

 To diminish your energy to hex you, to...
 You just need to be very cautious and discerning about receiving gifts at this time, all right?
 All of the people that were in this materialistic energy that have stolen from God, and uprooted timelines, distorted the benefits of being a divine child, they are under judgment at this time.
 They are reaping the discontent of having stolen straight out of the hand of God, having perceived themselves wiser than their divine Creator.


TikTok

 I'm telling you so much hidden information is coming forward at this time collective.
 It's being uprooted.
 And these people are at a point of having to accept their lessons.
 Yes they are.
 For the trickery.
 Seven of swords.
 I'm telling you, whoever you are, you are bringing justice.
 From the infernal realm, even.
 From other dimensions, you are bringing judgment and justice.


TikTok

 And your helpers, those invisible in the unseen realms, love you.
 You are well loved, your ancestors appreciate you for the cosmic justice, the generational justice, that you are here to call.
 Thank you, spirit.
 Chosen, I'm really curious.
 Like, you know how they say, right?
 Nobody can copy a essence.
 Um, Nobody can take, it's, it's not, Destiny swapping isn't real.


TikTok

 And I see a lot of people talk about their destiny swap stories.
 So you're trying to tell me, the creator of the universe, the one that created the sun, they put these beautiful trees, they created these animals, they gave you the foundation of looking like you look.
 Being the way you are.
 The one that gave you the power to look how you look, think how you think, move how you move, use your talents, how you use your talents.


TikTok

 You're trying to tell me the things that he's blessed you with that he hasn't steered you with can be taken from you.
 How?
 You trying to tell me somebody can go out there and they can take that away?
 Nah.
 It's a nice trick.
 It's a nice trick from the enemy to make you believe that you lost whatever it was that God gave you.
 But how can you believe in the most high if you let somebody say, they destiny swap me?
 They got everything that belonged to me.


TikTok

 But you still breathing, you still moving, you still receiving, you still going.
 You still grinding.
 You still shining.
 You still the person that he wants you to be, and he still have you in the furnace to grow into that thing that he wants you to become.
 Everything, all those weights, you've been in training.
 Everybody else around you walk around.
 They walk around with no wakes.
 But you walk around bodybuilding every day, and nobody can't see what you carry around you physically, because you're held down by how much weight that you carry on your shoulders that you don't tell nobody.


TikTok

 Yet you feel like somebody can come along, study you, destiny swap you.
 If anything, if they got anything from you, you level that person up.
 You made that person better in the process.
 Regardless if they admitted, because chosen ones don't ever get the flowers for things of that nature.
 But what does happen is you become better, and every time you become better, the person that's living, you becomes better.
 But destiny swapping ain't real.
 Because what God got for you, nobody can take from you.


TikTok

 They can't forsake them.
 The only thing these demons can do, only thing they can do is do.
 Last front soldiers.
 Your exhaustion isn't a lack of discipline.
 It's an energetic contraction caused by letting your environment dictate your architecture.


TikTok

 Most people treat their alignment like a thermometer, constantly reacting to the emotional weather inside and outside.
 Wait until you feel calmed back calm.
 But the field doesn't respond to what you want.
 It reflects exactly what you are.
 Alignment is not a temporary feeling.
 It is a reliable architectural stance.
 This device is the NDLT electronic Tibetan singing bowl.
 It is a literal thermostat for your space.
 I ran this device nonstop for 24 hours straight since the moment I opened it.


TikTok

 And last night, the moment I closed my eyes and hit my meditation stance, my system immediately dropped into an alpha state.
 I would say that within minutes, the field expanded into highly vivid visualizations.
 90 minutes passed in what felt like seconds.
 True mastery is the radical acceptance of the present frequency while holding the line for your own expansion.
 When I opened my eyes, for zero fatigue, I felt light, energetic.
 I slept flawlessly and woke up fully charged.


TikTok

 And the device is still running this morning.
 It's not magic.
 It's panted sound vibration amplification technology.
 Acting directly upon your core infrastructure.
 When you're interacting with the shock spectrum, it ships your focus from the external illusion entirely inward.
 Instantly pulling you out of the contracted fear pole and stabilizing your core frequency.
 When you stop fighting the collision of the external, you become the conscious architect of your field.


TikTok

 If you're ready to command your field instead of reacting to it,
 Click the shopping carts, secure your NDLT Tibetan singing bowl.
 Sharing the broadcast, so interconnected consciousness understands now your essence.
 Follow the page for your soul's resident recalibration and comment, alpha state.
 If you're ready to stabilize your center.
 And a connected consciousness understands now my essence.
 I see you and me.
 I love me.
 Now go shine your light.


TikTok

 So, these two goofy bastards are still here trying to touch me, my face, and my eye.
 They're getting weaker every time they're getting further away from my face, and they still keep doing it, though.
 And so here, if y'all don't know how to leave me the fuck alone, this is what I'm gonna do.
 This is what I want to tell you.
 I command and decree that the powers that be adhere to me and take Lord's gifts away from her.
 You heard what the fuck I said.
 I command and decree that the powers that be adhere to me, and take my cousin Laura's gifts away from her, as well as any gifts Sean may have, any gifts that spiritual gifts that Teresa may have taken from her, any gifts that Alicia may have taken from you, Andrea, and gifts that you have taken from you, case you both.


TikTok

 We all know you're not gifted, but just in case you wanted to get some intuitive discernment to be a fuck all, taking that shit from you, too.
 Now, anybody else want to keep playing with me every single fucking day, even after you've been exposed, like sad, pitiful fucks, and when you can't do it because you want to save face, you're getting other people to do it, like your nieces, your nephews, your children, Ruby, Charlotte, Scarlet, you getting all these fucking kids to do shit for you and acting like you're playing with them and it's witchcraft.
 The fuck out of here.
 Confirmation, confirmation.
 Leave me the fuck alone, bitch.


TikTok

 What the fuck is psychologically wrong with you?
 I gotta sit here and come online to cuss out my older cousin, because my older cousin is obsessed with my fucking beauty and the shit that I got going on in life.
 You got a fucking husband, right?
 You got all this other shit going on, right?
 You used my energy to get that fucking vehicle, then came directly to Uncle Tommy's house, which is my parents' house, just to play in my face.
 You've done enough.
 You can sit your stupid goofy ass the fuck down.
 Do you understand?
 You will not be continuing to harass me till your dying day.


TikTok

 And if you keep touching my eye, it is trying, and by, you're not actually touching, but the fact that you're being annoying, I'm calling it out, because I don't need to be irritated and knowing like a fucking night.
 You're not gonna be irritating me that you fucking die.
 You will pass away before that.
 So I'm telling you right now, keep trying to touch me, my face, my eye, and my beauty, or me, anything about me.
 You're going to be laid the rest.
 Leave me the fuck alone.
 You act like I wanted this shit.
 You think I think it's normal that I find out that my older cousins and the whole group of sisters are fucking harassing me?


TikTok

 All of you are fucking older than me.
 All of you look like clowns now.
 All you're trying to cover your face and act like that's not what you're doing.
 And I even got the confirmation.
 Shauna and Laura, you would never do this in front of other people.
 And the whole reason, that got a couple months back when it said Teresa, and, uh, uh, what is it, John, her husband, the one that said Teresa and John, the the angelic team was proud of them.
 That's because the minute they started getting exposed, they stopped.
 But let me guess, Laura and Sean, I guess you thought she was gonna end discreet, take the fucking wheel and be fucking stupid, right?


TikTok

 So how the fuck? and now guess what you just did?
 All that stupid shit.
 She should be fighting your goofy ass because her gifts getting taken away because you won't fucking stop.
 Do you, too, Alicia? Are you goofy bastards?
 Leave it the fuck alone.
 What the fuck is psychologically wrong with you?
 And, Crystal, you bit need to leave me the phone.
 I don't know how the fuck you're doing this dumb shit and fucking the prison.
 But guess what?
 And you, Ryan.
 in the mental institution and prison.
 Michael, you're going there.
 You already just got there.
 All of you need to sit the fuck down.
 How you trying to do witchcraft or someone when your ass already got locked the fuck up?


TikTok

 Acting like the powers that be put you in there for a lesson.
 You act like you don't have another fucking strike to get.
 You understand what I'm saying?
 You think the end all be all was the last move that Creator did.
 No, the end all be all is your life's right being taken from you by the creator.
 So I back the fuck up if nobody's doing something to fucking you.
 Nonetheless, it's your own family, your own little cousin, you're harassed and all day, every day.
 I pitiful and pathetic.
 Leave me the fuck alone.
 The fuck wrong with you, bitch?
 What the fuck wrong with all of you?
 You should be embarrassed and ashamed, just getting exposed, but no, you sit there in demonic full possession.


TikTok

 Like, oh, well, let's keep going.
 Let's keep going.
 So what you want to be to what, the cousin that what? took my fucking eyes out.
 you think you, like, and then what does that get you?
 Proof that you're crazy.
 Proof that you're weirdos.
 The fuck is psychologically wrong with y'all up there?
 And it's probably, and here I was yelling at Teresa, and it was probably your goofy ass lord that took the life of your old father with the fucking backfire.
 You're stupid, bitch.
 404, Arizona you, ho.
 What the fuck?
 Stop killing people you love, 'cause you're jealous.
 What I can tell you is a lot of shit is about to pay off.


TikTok

 When you see me, you already know something great is about to happen in your life, 'cause you've been on your shit.
 Your authenticity has put you in alignment with your purpose and it cannot be stopped.
 You are someone who sat in the fire for a long time.
 Sat in the fire for a long time, and you learned how to operate there.
 You learned how to operate when everything burned around you.
 Pure chaos, pure destruction, and I want to say destruction as well, because it was more than just chaos.
 I think with chaotic energy, it's just a lot of things going on.
 But things were actually being destroyed in the midst of where you were.


TikTok

 And you had no control over it.
 For a long time.
 And then when you did start to, again, learn how to start operating within it, you were like, okay, I can't just sit here and get burned the fuck up till I die.
 Let me.


Facebook

We're not worried about your pockets.
 And that's what I had to realize.
 TikTok.
 I'm hearing, because it's you.
 They convert you too if they think they can get away with it.


Facebook

seen this man in your dreams.
if they think they can get away with it.
 Like, you're not even about to stay too long.
 They can't control what already knows its own worth.
 Whole time's just one player.
 This person, when you were together with them as a friend or relationship, had a lot to say, blamed it on your self confidence, TikTok.
 They would... family would join forces with these people to be against you.
 Ticktock.
 Like honestly, if they were smart, they would market the shit out of some of us.


Facebook

 It's more of like, his rockets roar into the sky.
 TikTok.
 Some people need those words.
 That's that walk away type energy, TikTok.
 You wouldn't be more appreciative.
 These motherfuckers binge watching you that was trying to only bless them.
 You deserve, um, the finest diamond, man, makes it worse, because there ain't no fucking mixed signals.
 Meat and potatoes of it all.


Facebook

 What says I don't want you chosen?
 You're short for other people.
 I'm enjoying the whole adventure.
You've got to start laughing more, and customers have been complaining recently that you've got an attitude.
 Come on, man, start laughing, yeah?
 You give your classy smashed burger, please?
 Decline.


Facebook

What's your name?
 His name is Deidrosh.
 His name's Axel.
 Axel?
 Yeah. It's a sick freaking name.
 I think like Pat's name was Axel.
 I didn't name it though.
 My little brother did.
 Just stimulus, though.
Banana. Banana.
 Banana. Banana, na, na, ni, ni.
 Banana, na, na, no, no, no, no, no.


Facebook

 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
worried about your pocket.


Microphone

Worried about your pockets.


Facebook

 And that's what I had to realize.


Microphone

What are the odds you buy me a watch?


Facebook

 Uh, what kind of watch?
 Like a Rolex?
 Rolex.
 One out of 20, actually.
 One, two, three, seven.
 You almost got it.


Microphone

I like her if you can bring out.
 Daddy!


Microphone

 sneeze.
 Size out. Size, over here for Stacy.
 No, I want to sleep.


Facebook

so gay that I'd call the entire world daddy.
 Sugar daddy, that is.
 All of you are my sugar daddy because you guys give me money to allow me to turn plastic into fuel. Just for reference, my name is Julian Brown.
 I'm 22 years old from Atlanta.
 building this as a volunteer effort in Woodstock, Georgia, the next plastic and the fuel reactor.
 I'm an inventor.
 I built 5 and I'm now building my 6 reactor called Mark 5, which is going to go onto this trailer and turn plastic into fuel on the road with solar power.
 Now, I have a ton of parts that I've been ordering since January with your donation and your money, and I wanna show you guys everything that we've got.


Facebook

 Just a reminder, I'm a nonprofit.
 I'm open source, and if I'm 100% crowdfunded, I have no investors, no loans, no equity partners.
 So if you want to see this mission continue, please donate today on Jab Innovations.org, and just a 501 C3 donation, completely tax deductible.
 Thank you. To start, we have a $6000 completely custom fabricated 3/4 of an inch, 304 stainless steel, shaftless auger.
 Over here, we have a $3000 water chiller.
 Every price I'm saying includes the shipping, by the way.


Facebook

 Right here, we have $5000 custom fabricated rotary airlock valves allowing me to load plastic into the machine while it's running, keeping a vacuum airlock suit.
 The trailer itself was used.
 I bought it for $4000.
 All the solar panels have been sponsored by Santan solar.
 Shout out to them from Arizona, the Santan Mountains.
 Here is the actual motor that's going to drive that big shaftless auger.
 This is a 5 horsepower, 3 phase motor.
 This was about $3500 worth of shipping.
 What we have here in these crates with the black, this is from big battery.


Facebook

 This is 100 kilowatt hours of batteries and enough inverters to make three phase electricity on that trailer mobly.
 And this is $40,000, over $40,000 worth of batteries and equipment right here.
 What we have in these boxes, these are actually pumps that are able to pump the crude oil, the hot crude oil, the gasoline, plastoline, diesel all around the machine.
 These are completely custom made gear oil pumps for the machine.
 All 3 phase. These right here, all together, were $4,500 with the shipping.


Facebook

 right here.
 We have a Corkin recovery pump.
 This thing is worth 20,000, but thanks to California, extraction, company guys, they're a sponsor.
 I got this used for 2500.
 What we have in this big box here.
 This is the actual Shredder.
 So this is what's going to shred the machine, the plastic down.
 shredder has 4 shafts, humongous thing.
 This was $5000 with the shipping.
 And over here, this is the actual hopper for the Shredder.
 Once again, custom made, humongous thing.
 This was $2000 with shipping.


Facebook

 Then we have a whole bunch of different condensers, custom made for the machine.
 Big condensers, small condenser.
 These will help condense the crude oil vapor into crude oil, as well as keep the water chiller temperature down.
 So we have a ton of different them.
 All these were custom made and all together.
 These were about $5,000.
 So obviously what I do is not cheap, but I appreciate all of you because you all make it possible through your donations.
 Like I said, I've been doing this 100% through the help of all of you and your donations.


Facebook

 I have no investors, I have no equity partners.
 I'm open source.
We have four little people here, and one person who is 7 feet tall.
 Off looks, we think, is tall. I'm going black guy.
 Number four. took the words out of my mouth.
 Yeah. Those are the words you wanted to say?
 Number one, what is your name?
 Where are you from and what's your favorite thing about being a giant?
 My name is Joe.
 Oh, I'm from LA.
 And my favorite thing about being a giant is nothing fits me, and it pisses me off.


Facebook

 So people leave me alone.
 Okay
 'Cause I'm pissed off all the time.
 Okay, bro, I believe that because he don't open his mouth when he comes.
 Tell people not that angry.
 Yeah, nah, you ain't you got.
 How many told people you know?
 Oh, my whole family.
 I'm six, six.
 My little brother's 6'9, bad.
 You not angry?
 No not at all.
 Life is good.
 My name's Lil Fucci.
 No, what's in the name?
 Little Fucci.
 Little Fucci?
 What's your favorite thing about being tall?
 My girl loves it
 Okay.
 My name Angel.
 I am. Okay.
 From LA?


Facebook

 All right.
 I like when my nuts hit the water.
 He's lying.
 Yo, same.
 And the toilet, I'm saying, in the toilet.
 Wait, but why does it have to do with your eye?
 What is that shaggy nuts, my guy?
 Number four, what's your name?
 Where are you from?
 What's your favorite thing about being tall?
 My name is Terrence.
 from New York, and my favorite thing about being tall is when you're in the mall, or when, no, when you at a concert, you can see over everybody.
 It's like, you know...
 Hey, that's some specific...


Facebook

 That's some tall shit.
 I'm tall.
 favorite thing for us.
 We don't care about that.
 What's your least favorite thing about being tall?
 Least favorite thing about being tall, flying an airplane.
 My name's Mark.
 I am from the desert.
 My favorite thing about being tall is, I like to help people out.
 Like, when you go to the market, they can't reach something.
 I'm always there to help them out and get that thing on the top shelf.
 As a petite man, at grocery shops, it's not that hard to grab anything you want.
 Well, they have the assistant button you can just press.
 And then someone comes over and helps you.


Facebook

 How you know about the button?
 Because I use it too.
 What kind of car do you drive?
 I lost my license.
 I don't drive right now
 Gucci, what kind of car you drive?
 I drive a bike, fool.
 He up there.
 Got a chopper.
 Chopper?
 Chopper?
 Yep.
 That's the real big marks?
 Real big one.
 Oh I was right.
 That's hilarious.
 Wow.
 Angel, what kind of what kind of car you drive?
 My mom dropped me out.
 A what?
 My mom dropped me off.
 Okay, but do you have a car?


Facebook

 Bro, she dropped me off.
 Did you take something before you came?
 Terrance, what kind of card do you have?
 Beautiful Cross.
 Buick lacrosse.
 SUV.
 That's like a boat.
 That's a big car.
 No, yeah, it's a sedan.
 The only reason I got it is 'cause Shaq did a commercial for her.
 I like, yeah, that's all...
 He did do a commercial.
 You seem like a really nice and humble person.
 I appreciate that.
 He has tall energy.
 What kind of car you got?
 Tesla.
 Tesla.
 Driving Tesla.
 Which model?
 Duo.
 Oh nice.
 Duel?
 Yeah.
 Is that big enough for your tall ass?


Facebook

 Yeah.
 When was the last thing you hit your head on that wasn't a door frame?
 It was the last thing I hit walking in here.
 But that wasn't a door frame.
 It was a ing garage.
 I feel like he just made that up for now.
 No, into the toilet.
 I was going to the toilet.
 Okay, Angel, what's the last one you hit your head on?
 Sure, Kirk.
 Wait, wait. You said a shotgun?
 angel.
 Oh, what?
 Why don't you start looking at him?
 What's the last thing you hit your head on?
 I said a shower curtain.


Facebook

 Shower, shower, Kurt Angel.
 See, he got on a shower curtain.
 do for work?
 Basketball.
 Like, do you collect them?
 The ones at the arcade? What are you doing with them?
 Little League, yeah.
 We know.
 Little League basketball?
 Oh, man. They not going to let you around kids.
 That's the impression I'm getting.
 No Poochie.
 When's the last time you hit your head on something?
 On my way over here when I got inside my Honda.
 What do you get on your?


Facebook

About a month ago I hired a, uh, experienced carpenter.
 And, you know, it didn't work out.


Facebook

Speechless is crazy.
 So she says what we got to be.
 Coming a wizard.
?
 everything.
.
Today I'm going to take my magnetic field viewer and I'm going to rebuild it.


Facebook

 I had this crazy idea that I could make something that shows magnetism in deeper dimensions.
 Most of my ideas come to me in the moments right before I fall asleep.
 We're gonna find out today... If this idea is gonna work.


Facebook

 So, my idea was to use two of these.
 So with the one pharaoh cell, this is what we would see.
 And when I put the other one on top,


Facebook


 We get a much deeper, and denser image.
 Oh, look at that.
 Okay.
 I've got to admit, this is pretty spectacular.
 I wasn't expecting that.


Facebook

All right, this is the time of year.
 This is the time of the okra season that I really like.
 See, I started way down here cutting okra.
 See all of those stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, every one of those stems is an okra cut.
 And I used to have to stoop and waller down in the leaves. Now, look, way up here.
 So you see that okra right there?
 Now I'm gonna cut the limb, feeding it.
 Let it go to the ground.


Facebook

 Now I'm gonna cut the okra, leave the stem.
 Put it in the bag.
 Now, this one on the backside is big enough, so I'm gonna cut that lamb.
 I'm gonna cut that okra.
 Now, I'm gonna look over on the other side of the aisle.
 This one's big enough, so I'm gonna cut that limb, and I'm gonna take that okra.
 Not big enough, not big enough, not big enough.
 Not big enough, not big enough. Now, that one's big enough, so I'm gonna clip that limb.


Facebook

 Boop.
 And then I'm gonna cut that okra.
 Just like that, put it in the bag, and look over on the other side.
 Oh, yeah, here's a big one.
 This is probably the biggest one of the day right here.
 All right, so every time you cut a okra, you have to cut the limb that feeds it, like right here.
 Cut that right here.
 Cut that limb.


Facebook

 And cut that okra.
 And I'm looking down the line here.
 I'm only going halfway.
 Look how much okra I got.
 Looking down the line, I see probably 50 or 60 more pods.
 Okay, thank you.


Facebook

Tell me that
Doctors reveal that eating okra regularly can cause see more.
Doctors reveal that eating okra regularly can cause
Do you see this right here?
 This right here?
 This is nature's. Nature's lube.
 And all it is, it's just 2 ingredients, okra and water.
 Okra and water.
 Look at that. If you drink okra water, it could actually be good for your gut health.
 This forbidden okra slime isn't totally useless.


Facebook

 This plant lube found inside ochreus is actually called mucilage.
 And it acts like a soluble dietary fiber and a prebiotic.
 When exposed to water, it forms a gel which makes your stool soft, juicy, and regular.
 It also slows down the transit of food in your gut, keeping you fuller for longer.
 And just like soluble fiber, mucilage helps to regulate cholesterol levels.
 It also acts like a prebiotic fiber and feeds your gut bacteria.
 You will get far more gut health benefits eating cooked okra versus drinking okra infused water.
 But this is one of those TikTok trends that won't send you to the emergency room.


Facebook

 And maybe somewhat beneficial if you can bear the taste or texture.
 If you do this, just cut the okra into pieces and immerse it in water for several hours.
 More water equals more slime, equals more goodness.
 You can also find this mucilage slimy in chia seeds, flax seeds, cilium husk, and aloe vera.
 Happy sliming.
But now you're probably seeing this, discussing concussion.
Yes, sir.
 We're going, sir. Heard.
 Come in, Polly.
 Excuse me.
 Oh.


Facebook

 Here, then the next one, I'm ready.
 Sorry, two feet in the middle.
 Okay, take match, ready.
 We're in both, you said, uh, there's milk in a bush of mold.
 Oh
 Yeah, pull it.
 Hey, can you move that top?
 the way.
.
 Wonderful, yard, the climbing, and the bar three.
 Medium.


Facebook

 Three, mediums.
 Right.
 Polly, I'm gonna give you these flots first.
 Shall I get them out of my way, so I can tie these plates down?
 Sorry.
 Which one is it?
 Medium rare in the front, medium in the back.
 in the front.
.


Facebook

 You're always won't.
 All right, uh, onions.
 Possible.
 I'm gonna give you one.
 Go ahead.
 Oh, wait, one more minute.
 Go ahead, Polly.
 Walk those for me real quickly.
 Thank you.
 Coming in, coming in.
 Behind you. I'm right behind you.
 Let me grab those one off under it. Yep.
 Yep.
 Got it.
 Thank you.
 Yes, sir. Beautiful, Paul.


Facebook

 Here, uh... There you go.
 20, copy me something, you are. All right, you think you're helping?
 Hey, are you talking on Citas?
 Yes, two of them.
 Perfect.
 All right, go curious, how long?
 Got to have chicken waiting on you on the sea bath, all right?
 Heard, cleaning out the rib eye.
 You're in the sport, right?
 Sir.


Facebook

 Okay, coming up.
 Where are you at?
 Give me a second.
 Oh, no.
 Hey, potatoes.
 Yes, sir.
All together, guys.
 Yes, sir.
 Let's go, sir. Put some food out of the kitchen.


Facebook

 Part.
 Come in, Polly.
 Excuse me.
 Oh.
 Here, then the next one has ready.
 Start, two feet in the everywhere.
 Okay, egg man, ready.
 We're both, you said, uh, in a bush of mold.
 Oh
 Yeah, pull it.
 All right? Watch the boat, shit.
 Can you move that top?
 out of the way.
 Look at your sardines.
 Wonderful, get rid of the Clemens, and the Barceria.


Facebook

 Medium.
 Millions.
Got a half chicken waiting on you. You wanna see that, all right?
 Heard, cleaning up.
Give me a second.


Facebook

 Oh, no.
 Potatoes?
 Yes, sir.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.


Facebook

 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.
 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.


Facebook

 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.
 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It blew at least 25 meters.


Facebook

 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh. Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.
 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious George, we're actually gonna throw him upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.


Facebook

 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boom.


Facebook

Five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.
 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.


Facebook

 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.
 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.


Facebook

 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It flew at least 25 meters.
 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh... Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.


Facebook

 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious, George.
 We're actually gonna throw them upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.
 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.


Facebook

One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang,
This is trench foot, a fish that walks on land solves problems, and can even recognize humans.
 But keeping a pet mud skipper is harder than anyone tells you, and almost no one has ever got them to have babies in captivity.
 So can I do the impossible and raise a family of walking fish?
 This turned into a love story, a survival story, and a story few have managed to tell.


Facebook

 This begins with a mistake I made 150 days ago, and we have a serious problem.
 Trenchfort was once an energetic mud skipper who would hop around her tank.
 But something bad has happened.
 For the past few weeks, she has barely moved from this spot.
 You see, mud skippers require mud, soft enough so they can burrow in it, but durable enough so those burrows won't collapse.
 I was so worried about the burrows collapsing that I added clay, and lots of it. Over time, the clay has become as hard as a rock, stagnant pockets are formed, and the mangroves have outgrown the tank.


Facebook

 What was once Trenchfits home is hurting her.
 Don't worry, little buddy, I got you.
 Trench foot is getting pure mud so she can build a burrow.
 More height, so the mangroves can grow tall and a real tidal system that simulates the exact conditions of her home in nature.
 Fish are not the most expressive animals, but I get a strong feeling she's not happy about being in this box.
 And for the 1st time in weeks, Trenchfurt began to explore her surroundings.


Facebook

 That mud used to be as solid as a rock, but now it's soft and squelchy, exactly what it needs to be, and trench foot's home is fit for a mud skipper.
 But while that 1st problem is behind us, we have a much, much bigger one to solve.
 Every single pet mud skipper in the world is taken from the wild.
 because almost no one has ever bred them in captivity.
 Mud skippers are not one animal.
 There are dozens of species widespread across the world.
 They live in intertidal muddy areas where salt and freshwater meet, and that means that recreating a real mud skipper biome in your home is a very difficult project.


Facebook

 But getting them to have babies is on another realm of difficulty. If nobody cracks captive breeding, they'll keep being taken from the wild.
 But if I can do this in my spare bedroom, maybe things will begin to change.
 It wasn't so long ago, that trench foot was tiny, skinny, and being bullied by a larger mud skipper.
 After the bully was removed, she made a full recovery and is now a healthy and happy adult who is ready to have babies.


Facebook

 But to complete this extraordinarily difficult task, it takes 2 mud skippers, and there is someone very, very special, I would love for you to meet.
 Say hello to Doughboy, a dwarf Indian mud skipper who has a real chance of making history.
 But it's not as simple as just placing him into Trenchford's tank, as we have previously seen, this can end badly, so I need a plan.
 If I make doughboy a nursery tank, beef him up a bit, place the tank next to trench foot so they can see each other.


Facebook

 We should get an idea of how this interaction will go.
 But the very moment I did that, Trench foot did something I have never seen her do before.
 For the first time in her entire life, trench foot fully displayed her dorsal fin, showing that she recognizes Doughboy in his nursery tank. In return, Doughboy loses his mind and jumps up against the glass, and this tells us 2 things.


Facebook

 One, doughboy is a little bit nuts, and two, we might just be on the verge of creating a mud skipper family, but as the tide came in, things went up a gear.
 Now Trenchfoot and I have a little routine. Whenever it's feeding time, she comes to the front of the tank and does an impression of me getting out of a swimming pool.
 But this time, with Doughboy nearby, Trenchfoot took center stage and began to show us why mud skippers are so special.


Facebook

 Maybe it's the pheromones in the air, or maybe it's because I'm one step closer to starting a mud skipper family, but I may be on the verge of capturing something that has never been captured before, but to actually achieve this goal, the mud skippers have to meet, and this is where things took a turn for the worse.
 Two mud skippers meeting can end very badly.
 This is compounded by the fact that trench foot is considerably larger than Doughboy, and the entire mangrove is her territory.


Facebook

 If she does not accept him, she will attack.
 But if she does accept him, we will be one step closer to our goal. After 2 weeks of watching them flirt through the glass, I decided it was time.
 I opened the lid to Doughboy's box, and with the poise and grace of a mud skipper, he hops into the mangrove.
 Could this actually be the moment our mud skippers finally embrace?
 Despite whacking Dobo in the face with her tail, how a mudskipper's fins are vibrant red, signifying that they are aroused.


Facebook

 Trench foot seems keen on doughboy and keeps waddling over to him and displaying her fins.
 But Doughboy is scared of trench foot, and as soon as she realized he wasn't playing ball, her entire demeanor changed.
 The entire land area belongs to Trenchfurt, and poor doughboy is left with a perch on the filter.
 If this is ever going to work, Doughboy needs land so he can build a burrow, but he also needs to be big enough so trench foot doesn't scare him.


Facebook

 And right now, he is losing on every front.
 So I have a plan.
 Trench foot must go.
 For now, so that doughboy can eat without being chased and can claim some land as his own. If he can beef up a bit and build a burrow, things will be back in motion.
 But even the best plans have flaws, and no matter how thorough a plan is, nothing is straightforward with mud skippers.


Facebook

 With trench foot gone, Doughboy's behavior has totally changed, and he is the king of this mud fact.
 And with that, the next phase is about to commence.
 I have taken every step to build my mud skippers a home that will allow them.
As a home, that will allow.
This is the last episode of tanning this deer hide, and I asked you whether I should tan it with the fur on or fur off.
 And the overwhelming majority ruled hair on.


Facebook

 So that's what we're gonna do today.
 Stick around and see how.
 The way this is achieved is by pushing on the hide, stretching it, and allowing the fibers to separate.
 There's a natural glue inside of a hide, and it's in between the fibers.
 So after you add an oil, whether it be brains or eggs, or in my case, bear grease, the glue is trying to stick those fibers together.
 But with the oil in there, when you separate the fibers, the glue can't stop.


Microphone

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 Well, I do like a good juice.
 Now, why have we got in the fridge here for juice?
 What are you?
 Oh,
 Look, look, look, look, look.
 What did that do?
 Banana.
 a banana.


Microphone

 There are money, of course.
 Are you not sure about this?
 mine.
 What pillows.
 I'm fine, what's the number?
 Stop copying me this instant.
 Stop your baby, just instant. No, silly terriers.
 Oi, da, da, like, a, da, wake, chatting, like, a, wake.
 That may be the princess for a second.
 I've got an idea.
 Okay.


Microphone

 Girl strong
 like you.
 Toys always. Chuck them in the croom.
 You've beaten us, my princess.
 Will you need us?
 Real deep there.
 Right, thank you.
 Yay!
 We're here.
 Okay, you will hide, and I'll sleep.
 Go.
 One, two.
 Hang on.
 Hang on a minute.
 Wheel only high, if you promise not to forget you're looking for us.


Microphone

mastering your art skills.


Facebook

Looking to get ready for college this fall, we've got you covered.
 My name is Jessica Gonzalez.
 I'm director of Trio EOC, and outreach at Big.


TikTok

Let me learn how to




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 20:53
DATA: TikTok

 The devil is going to send any type of distraction your way.
 Because it's gonna move you away from what God has you to do.
 And whenever you're trying to be peaceful, become one whole within yourself and within God.
 The devil will send a disturbance to shake you up.
 I want you to understand if they do bring drama.
 That is the spirit of chaos knocking at your door.


TikTok

 And I need for you to understand that, baby.
 I love you
 People are reminiscent about you, Chosen One.
 Very nostalgic at this time.
 For when they once knew you, a lot of replaying, old memories in their heads, and putting themselves in old memories to refuel, re experience, and see what they missed the first time.


TikTok

 When they were with you, when they had you.
 I'm on the high sea...
 You... present a side of yourself.
 Only when necessary, only when given divine go ahead.
 that is very certain, most of the time, you may exist in a very... aloof.


TikTok

 Uninterested energy that other people, other people interpret it like that.
 Because of your ability to... tune into the frequency that you want... to exist at.
 You treat people the way you want to be treated.
 This is, like, naivety that people mistook in you.
 And I'm seeing this side of you that can come forward, that does not mince words, that does not Sugarcoat.


TikTok

 Takes people off guard.
 The truth that you speak.
 You just, you cause awakenings for people, that they are not... comfortable with.
 You make it very, very clear.
 In any interaction, oof.
 Flying bugs on a during spirits, maybe.
 Applicable here.
 But you are able to go into... situations in which people think that they can mistake your kindness for weakness.


TikTok

 Hmm.
 And you are a whole tower.
 Angel?
 Burn your bloody ass.
 So all you motherfuckers...
 There's concession in this energy.
 Your opponents are at surrender at this moment.
 They are kneeling.
 In this energy, buckling under the pressure that you are.


TikTok

 The truth that you are...
 People have not wanted the truth of you to come forward, the truth about... the tower, the tower, and the lovers here.
 They don't want... You to have all that you deserve, because it will displace them is what this energy is.
 They don't care when I'm making you walk the blank...
 They fear being displaced by death.


TikTok

 Hmm.
 The very death they summoned, mind you, the very death they celebrated as a group, called here.
 Who else do they have to blame?
 This is why I'm picking up on buckling energy.
 from this wall of your opponents that are crumbling one at a time, falling.
 Don't ever forget about me 'Cause I know those riders Because of the truth that you are.


TikTok

 People can only try to come around with guises of love under the guise of love.
 To steal at this point.
 Beware of... suspicious means to get in your energy.
 Do not give these people anything, not small, small talks, small talk, or, ugh, throat chakra.
 Don't give them anything.
 Don't give him any of your energy.


TikTok

 It's time to make them uncomfortable.
 Mm hmm.
 Yes, it is.
 Calling it out.
 You see, because the longer that you have gone on, just clocking it internally and turning the other cheat... It's time to make them uncomfortable.
 You know.
 How they're feeling inside.
 You know what they're due, because they sent all of this five of Cup's energy towards you, and it's ricocheting... Right back at them, boomeranging, right back at them.


TikTok

 And they watch you to keep a rain on where things are going.
 How quickly this cycle is ending.
 And this is what I was gonna say before we were interrupted.
 I've been picking up on people wanting to get around you and give you hexed items.
 Come around you and give you, under the, um, pretense that it is an offering or a gift.


TikTok

 To diminish your energy to hex you, to...
 You just need to be very cautious and discerning about receiving gifts at this time, all right?
 All of the people that were in this materialistic energy that have stolen from God, and uprooted timelines, distorted the benefits of being a divine child, they are under judgment at this time.
 They are reaping the discontent of having stolen straight out of the hand of God, having perceived themselves wiser than their divine Creator.


TikTok

 I'm telling you so much hidden information is coming forward at this time collective.
 It's being uprooted.
 And these people are at a point of having to accept their lessons.
 Yes they are.
 For the trickery.
 Seven of swords.
 I'm telling you, whoever you are, you are bringing justice.
 From the infernal realm, even.
 From other dimensions, you are bringing judgment and justice.


TikTok

 And your helpers, those invisible in the unseen realms, love you.
 You are well loved, your ancestors appreciate you for the cosmic justice, the generational justice, that you are here to call.
 Thank you, spirit.
 Chosen, I'm really curious.
 Like, you know how they say, right?
 Nobody can copy a essence.
 Um, Nobody can take, it's, it's not, Destiny swapping isn't real.


TikTok

 And I see a lot of people talk about their destiny swap stories.
 So you're trying to tell me, the creator of the universe, the one that created the sun, they put these beautiful trees, they created these animals, they gave you the foundation of looking like you look.
 Being the way you are.
 The one that gave you the power to look how you look, think how you think, move how you move, use your talents, how you use your talents.


TikTok

 You're trying to tell me the things that he's blessed you with that he hasn't steered you with can be taken from you.
 How?
 You trying to tell me somebody can go out there and they can take that away?
 Nah.
 It's a nice trick.
 It's a nice trick from the enemy to make you believe that you lost whatever it was that God gave you.
 But how can you believe in the most high if you let somebody say, they destiny swap me?
 They got everything that belonged to me.


TikTok

 But you still breathing, you still moving, you still receiving, you still going.
 You still grinding.
 You still shining.
 You still the person that he wants you to be, and he still have you in the furnace to grow into that thing that he wants you to become.
 Everything, all those weights, you've been in training.
 Everybody else around you walk around.
 They walk around with no wakes.
 But you walk around bodybuilding every day, and nobody can't see what you carry around you physically, because you're held down by how much weight that you carry on your shoulders that you don't tell nobody.


TikTok

 Yet you feel like somebody can come along, study you, destiny swap you.
 If anything, if they got anything from you, you level that person up.
 You made that person better in the process.
 Regardless if they admitted, because chosen ones don't ever get the flowers for things of that nature.
 But what does happen is you become better, and every time you become better, the person that's living, you becomes better.
 But destiny swapping ain't real.
 Because what God got for you, nobody can take from you.


TikTok

 They can't forsake them.
 The only thing these demons can do, only thing they can do is do.
 Last front soldiers.
 Your exhaustion isn't a lack of discipline.
 It's an energetic contraction caused by letting your environment dictate your architecture.


TikTok

 Most people treat their alignment like a thermometer, constantly reacting to the emotional weather inside and outside.
 Wait until you feel calmed back calm.
 But the field doesn't respond to what you want.
 It reflects exactly what you are.
 Alignment is not a temporary feeling.
 It is a reliable architectural stance.
 This device is the NDLT electronic Tibetan singing bowl.
 It is a literal thermostat for your space.
 I ran this device nonstop for 24 hours straight since the moment I opened it.


TikTok

 And last night, the moment I closed my eyes and hit my meditation stance, my system immediately dropped into an alpha state.
 I would say that within minutes, the field expanded into highly vivid visualizations.
 90 minutes passed in what felt like seconds.
 True mastery is the radical acceptance of the present frequency while holding the line for your own expansion.
 When I opened my eyes, for zero fatigue, I felt light, energetic.
 I slept flawlessly and woke up fully charged.


TikTok

 And the device is still running this morning.
 It's not magic.
 It's panted sound vibration amplification technology.
 Acting directly upon your core infrastructure.
 When you're interacting with the shock spectrum, it ships your focus from the external illusion entirely inward.
 Instantly pulling you out of the contracted fear pole and stabilizing your core frequency.
 When you stop fighting the collision of the external, you become the conscious architect of your field.


TikTok

 If you're ready to command your field instead of reacting to it,
 Click the shopping carts, secure your NDLT Tibetan singing bowl.
 Sharing the broadcast, so interconnected consciousness understands now your essence.
 Follow the page for your soul's resident recalibration and comment, alpha state.
 If you're ready to stabilize your center.
 And a connected consciousness understands now my essence.
 I see you and me.
 I love me.
 Now go shine your light.


TikTok

 So, these two goofy bastards are still here trying to touch me, my face, and my eye.
 They're getting weaker every time they're getting further away from my face, and they still keep doing it, though.
 And so here, if y'all don't know how to leave me the fuck alone, this is what I'm gonna do.
 This is what I want to tell you.
 I command and decree that the powers that be adhere to me and take Lord's gifts away from her.
 You heard what the fuck I said.
 I command and decree that the powers that be adhere to me, and take my cousin Laura's gifts away from her, as well as any gifts Sean may have, any gifts that spiritual gifts that Teresa may have taken from her, any gifts that Alicia may have taken from you, Andrea, and gifts that you have taken from you, case you both.


TikTok

 We all know you're not gifted, but just in case you wanted to get some intuitive discernment to be a fuck all, taking that shit from you, too.
 Now, anybody else want to keep playing with me every single fucking day, even after you've been exposed, like sad, pitiful fucks, and when you can't do it because you want to save face, you're getting other people to do it, like your nieces, your nephews, your children, Ruby, Charlotte, Scarlet, you getting all these fucking kids to do shit for you and acting like you're playing with them and it's witchcraft.
 The fuck out of here.
 Confirmation, confirmation.
 Leave me the fuck alone, bitch.


TikTok

 What the fuck is psychologically wrong with you?
 I gotta sit here and come online to cuss out my older cousin, because my older cousin is obsessed with my fucking beauty and the shit that I got going on in life.
 You got a fucking husband, right?
 You got all this other shit going on, right?
 You used my energy to get that fucking vehicle, then came directly to Uncle Tommy's house, which is my parents' house, just to play in my face.
 You've done enough.
 You can sit your stupid goofy ass the fuck down.
 Do you understand?
 You will not be continuing to harass me till your dying day.


TikTok

 And if you keep touching my eye, it is trying, and by, you're not actually touching, but the fact that you're being annoying, I'm calling it out, because I don't need to be irritated and knowing like a fucking night.
 You're not gonna be irritating me that you fucking die.
 You will pass away before that.
 So I'm telling you right now, keep trying to touch me, my face, my eye, and my beauty, or me, anything about me.
 You're going to be laid the rest.
 Leave me the fuck alone.
 You act like I wanted this shit.
 You think I think it's normal that I find out that my older cousins and the whole group of sisters are fucking harassing me?


TikTok

 All of you are fucking older than me.
 All of you look like clowns now.
 All you're trying to cover your face and act like that's not what you're doing.
 And I even got the confirmation.
 Shauna and Laura, you would never do this in front of other people.
 And the whole reason, that got a couple months back when it said Teresa, and, uh, uh, what is it, John, her husband, the one that said Teresa and John, the the angelic team was proud of them.
 That's because the minute they started getting exposed, they stopped.
 But let me guess, Laura and Sean, I guess you thought she was gonna end discreet, take the fucking wheel and be fucking stupid, right?


TikTok

 So how the fuck? and now guess what you just did?
 All that stupid shit.
 She should be fighting your goofy ass because her gifts getting taken away because you won't fucking stop.
 Do you, too, Alicia? Are you goofy bastards?
 Leave it the fuck alone.
 What the fuck is psychologically wrong with you?
 And, Crystal, you bit need to leave me the phone.
 I don't know how the fuck you're doing this dumb shit and fucking the prison.
 But guess what?
 And you, Ryan.
 in the mental institution and prison.
 Michael, you're going there.
 You already just got there.
 All of you need to sit the fuck down.
 How you trying to do witchcraft or someone when your ass already got locked the fuck up?


TikTok

 Acting like the powers that be put you in there for a lesson.
 You act like you don't have another fucking strike to get.
 You understand what I'm saying?
 You think the end all be all was the last move that Creator did.
 No, the end all be all is your life's right being taken from you by the creator.
 So I back the fuck up if nobody's doing something to fucking you.
 Nonetheless, it's your own family, your own little cousin, you're harassed and all day, every day.
 I pitiful and pathetic.
 Leave me the fuck alone.
 The fuck wrong with you, bitch?
 What the fuck wrong with all of you?
 You should be embarrassed and ashamed, just getting exposed, but no, you sit there in demonic full possession.


TikTok

 Like, oh, well, let's keep going.
 Let's keep going.
 So what you want to be to what, the cousin that what? took my fucking eyes out.
 you think you, like, and then what does that get you?
 Proof that you're crazy.
 Proof that you're weirdos.
 The fuck is psychologically wrong with y'all up there?
 And it's probably, and here I was yelling at Teresa, and it was probably your goofy ass lord that took the life of your old father with the fucking backfire.
 You're stupid, bitch.
 404, Arizona you, ho.
 What the fuck?
 Stop killing people you love, 'cause you're jealous.
 What I can tell you is a lot of shit is about to pay off.


TikTok

 When you see me, you already know something great is about to happen in your life, 'cause you've been on your shit.
 Your authenticity has put you in alignment with your purpose and it cannot be stopped.
 You are someone who sat in the fire for a long time.
 Sat in the fire for a long time, and you learned how to operate there.
 You learned how to operate when everything burned around you.
 Pure chaos, pure destruction, and I want to say destruction as well, because it was more than just chaos.
 I think with chaotic energy, it's just a lot of things going on.
 But things were actually being destroyed in the midst of where you were.


TikTok

 And you had no control over it.
 For a long time.
 And then when you did start to, again, learn how to start operating within it, you were like, okay, I can't just sit here and get burned the fuck up till I die.
 Let me.


Facebook

We're not worried about your pockets.
 And that's what I had to realize.
 TikTok.
 I'm hearing, because it's you.
 They convert you too if they think they can get away with it.


Facebook

seen this man in your dreams.
if they think they can get away with it.
 Like, you're not even about to stay too long.
 They can't control what already knows its own worth.
 Whole time's just one player.
 This person, when you were together with them as a friend or relationship, had a lot to say, blamed it on your self confidence, TikTok.
 They would... family would join forces with these people to be against you.
 Ticktock.
 Like honestly, if they were smart, they would market the shit out of some of us.


Facebook

 It's more of like, his rockets roar into the sky.
 TikTok.
 Some people need those words.
 That's that walk away type energy, TikTok.
 You wouldn't be more appreciative.
 These motherfuckers binge watching you that was trying to only bless them.
 You deserve, um, the finest diamond, man, makes it worse, because there ain't no fucking mixed signals.
 Meat and potatoes of it all.


Facebook

 What says I don't want you chosen?
 You're short for other people.
 I'm enjoying the whole adventure.
You've got to start laughing more, and customers have been complaining recently that you've got an attitude.
 Come on, man, start laughing, yeah?
 You give your classy smashed burger, please?
 Decline.


Facebook

What's your name?
 His name is Deidrosh.
 His name's Axel.
 Axel?
 Yeah. It's a sick freaking name.
 I think like Pat's name was Axel.
 I didn't name it though.
 My little brother did.
 Just stimulus, though.
Banana. Banana.
 Banana. Banana, na, na, ni, ni.
 Banana, na, na, no, no, no, no, no.


Facebook

 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
worried about your pocket.


Microphone

Worried about your pockets.


Facebook

 And that's what I had to realize.


Microphone

What are the odds you buy me a watch?


Facebook

 Uh, what kind of watch?
 Like a Rolex?
 Rolex.
 One out of 20, actually.
 One, two, three, seven.
 You almost got it.


Microphone

I like her if you can bring out.
 Daddy!


Microphone

 sneeze.
 Size out. Size, over here for Stacy.
 No, I want to sleep.


Facebook

so gay that I'd call the entire world daddy.
 Sugar daddy, that is.
 All of you are my sugar daddy because you guys give me money to allow me to turn plastic into fuel. Just for reference, my name is Julian Brown.
 I'm 22 years old from Atlanta.
 building this as a volunteer effort in Woodstock, Georgia, the next plastic and the fuel reactor.
 I'm an inventor.
 I built 5 and I'm now building my 6 reactor called Mark 5, which is going to go onto this trailer and turn plastic into fuel on the road with solar power.
 Now, I have a ton of parts that I've been ordering since January with your donation and your money, and I wanna show you guys everything that we've got.


Facebook

 Just a reminder, I'm a nonprofit.
 I'm open source, and if I'm 100% crowdfunded, I have no investors, no loans, no equity partners.
 So if you want to see this mission continue, please donate today on Jab Innovations.org, and just a 501 C3 donation, completely tax deductible.
 Thank you. To start, we have a $6000 completely custom fabricated 3/4 of an inch, 304 stainless steel, shaftless auger.
 Over here, we have a $3000 water chiller.
 Every price I'm saying includes the shipping, by the way.


Facebook

 Right here, we have $5000 custom fabricated rotary airlock valves allowing me to load plastic into the machine while it's running, keeping a vacuum airlock suit.
 The trailer itself was used.
 I bought it for $4000.
 All the solar panels have been sponsored by Santan solar.
 Shout out to them from Arizona, the Santan Mountains.
 Here is the actual motor that's going to drive that big shaftless auger.
 This is a 5 horsepower, 3 phase motor.
 This was about $3500 worth of shipping.
 What we have here in these crates with the black, this is from big battery.


Facebook

 This is 100 kilowatt hours of batteries and enough inverters to make three phase electricity on that trailer mobly.
 And this is $40,000, over $40,000 worth of batteries and equipment right here.
 What we have in these boxes, these are actually pumps that are able to pump the crude oil, the hot crude oil, the gasoline, plastoline, diesel all around the machine.
 These are completely custom made gear oil pumps for the machine.
 All 3 phase. These right here, all together, were $4,500 with the shipping.


Facebook

 right here.
 We have a Corkin recovery pump.
 This thing is worth 20,000, but thanks to California, extraction, company guys, they're a sponsor.
 I got this used for 2500.
 What we have in this big box here.
 This is the actual Shredder.
 So this is what's going to shred the machine, the plastic down.
 shredder has 4 shafts, humongous thing.
 This was $5000 with the shipping.
 And over here, this is the actual hopper for the Shredder.
 Once again, custom made, humongous thing.
 This was $2000 with shipping.


Facebook

 Then we have a whole bunch of different condensers, custom made for the machine.
 Big condensers, small condenser.
 These will help condense the crude oil vapor into crude oil, as well as keep the water chiller temperature down.
 So we have a ton of different them.
 All these were custom made and all together.
 These were about $5,000.
 So obviously what I do is not cheap, but I appreciate all of you because you all make it possible through your donations.
 Like I said, I've been doing this 100% through the help of all of you and your donations.


Facebook

 I have no investors, I have no equity partners.
 I'm open source.
We have four little people here, and one person who is 7 feet tall.
 Off looks, we think, is tall. I'm going black guy.
 Number four. took the words out of my mouth.
 Yeah. Those are the words you wanted to say?
 Number one, what is your name?
 Where are you from and what's your favorite thing about being a giant?
 My name is Joe.
 Oh, I'm from LA.
 And my favorite thing about being a giant is nothing fits me, and it pisses me off.


Facebook

 So people leave me alone.
 Okay
 'Cause I'm pissed off all the time.
 Okay, bro, I believe that because he don't open his mouth when he comes.
 Tell people not that angry.
 Yeah, nah, you ain't you got.
 How many told people you know?
 Oh, my whole family.
 I'm six, six.
 My little brother's 6'9, bad.
 You not angry?
 No not at all.
 Life is good.
 My name's Lil Fucci.
 No, what's in the name?
 Little Fucci.
 Little Fucci?
 What's your favorite thing about being tall?
 My girl loves it
 Okay.
 My name Angel.
 I am. Okay.
 From LA?


Facebook

 All right.
 I like when my nuts hit the water.
 He's lying.
 Yo, same.
 And the toilet, I'm saying, in the toilet.
 Wait, but why does it have to do with your eye?
 What is that shaggy nuts, my guy?
 Number four, what's your name?
 Where are you from?
 What's your favorite thing about being tall?
 My name is Terrence.
 from New York, and my favorite thing about being tall is when you're in the mall, or when, no, when you at a concert, you can see over everybody.
 It's like, you know...
 Hey, that's some specific...


Facebook

 That's some tall shit.
 I'm tall.
 favorite thing for us.
 We don't care about that.
 What's your least favorite thing about being tall?
 Least favorite thing about being tall, flying an airplane.
 My name's Mark.
 I am from the desert.
 My favorite thing about being tall is, I like to help people out.
 Like, when you go to the market, they can't reach something.
 I'm always there to help them out and get that thing on the top shelf.
 As a petite man, at grocery shops, it's not that hard to grab anything you want.
 Well, they have the assistant button you can just press.
 And then someone comes over and helps you.


Facebook

 How you know about the button?
 Because I use it too.
 What kind of car do you drive?
 I lost my license.
 I don't drive right now
 Gucci, what kind of car you drive?
 I drive a bike, fool.
 He up there.
 Got a chopper.
 Chopper?
 Chopper?
 Yep.
 That's the real big marks?
 Real big one.
 Oh I was right.
 That's hilarious.
 Wow.
 Angel, what kind of what kind of car you drive?
 My mom dropped me out.
 A what?
 My mom dropped me off.
 Okay, but do you have a car?


Facebook

 Bro, she dropped me off.
 Did you take something before you came?
 Terrance, what kind of card do you have?
 Beautiful Cross.
 Buick lacrosse.
 SUV.
 That's like a boat.
 That's a big car.
 No, yeah, it's a sedan.
 The only reason I got it is 'cause Shaq did a commercial for her.
 I like, yeah, that's all...
 He did do a commercial.
 You seem like a really nice and humble person.
 I appreciate that.
 He has tall energy.
 What kind of car you got?
 Tesla.
 Tesla.
 Driving Tesla.
 Which model?
 Duo.
 Oh nice.
 Duel?
 Yeah.
 Is that big enough for your tall ass?


Facebook

 Yeah.
 When was the last thing you hit your head on that wasn't a door frame?
 It was the last thing I hit walking in here.
 But that wasn't a door frame.
 It was a ing garage.
 I feel like he just made that up for now.
 No, into the toilet.
 I was going to the toilet.
 Okay, Angel, what's the last one you hit your head on?
 Sure, Kirk.
 Wait, wait. You said a shotgun?
 angel.
 Oh, what?
 Why don't you start looking at him?
 What's the last thing you hit your head on?
 I said a shower curtain.


Facebook

 Shower, shower, Kurt Angel.
 See, he got on a shower curtain.
 do for work?
 Basketball.
 Like, do you collect them?
 The ones at the arcade? What are you doing with them?
 Little League, yeah.
 We know.
 Little League basketball?
 Oh, man. They not going to let you around kids.
 That's the impression I'm getting.
 No Poochie.
 When's the last time you hit your head on something?
 On my way over here when I got inside my Honda.
 What do you get on your?


Facebook

About a month ago I hired a, uh, experienced carpenter.
 And, you know, it didn't work out.


Facebook

Speechless is crazy.
 So she says what we got to be.
 Coming a wizard.
?
 everything.
.
Today I'm going to take my magnetic field viewer and I'm going to rebuild it.


Facebook

 I had this crazy idea that I could make something that shows magnetism in deeper dimensions.
 Most of my ideas come to me in the moments right before I fall asleep.
 We're gonna find out today... If this idea is gonna work.


Facebook

 So, my idea was to use two of these.
 So with the one pharaoh cell, this is what we would see.
 And when I put the other one on top,


Facebook


 We get a much deeper, and denser image.
 Oh, look at that.
 Okay.
 I've got to admit, this is pretty spectacular.
 I wasn't expecting that.


Facebook

All right, this is the time of year.
 This is the time of the okra season that I really like.
 See, I started way down here cutting okra.
 See all of those stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, every one of those stems is an okra cut.
 And I used to have to stoop and waller down in the leaves. Now, look, way up here.
 So you see that okra right there?
 Now I'm gonna cut the limb, feeding it.
 Let it go to the ground.


Facebook

 Now I'm gonna cut the okra, leave the stem.
 Put it in the bag.
 Now, this one on the backside is big enough, so I'm gonna cut that lamb.
 I'm gonna cut that okra.
 Now, I'm gonna look over on the other side of the aisle.
 This one's big enough, so I'm gonna cut that limb, and I'm gonna take that okra.
 Not big enough, not big enough, not big enough.
 Not big enough, not big enough. Now, that one's big enough, so I'm gonna clip that limb.


Facebook

 Boop.
 And then I'm gonna cut that okra.
 Just like that, put it in the bag, and look over on the other side.
 Oh, yeah, here's a big one.
 This is probably the biggest one of the day right here.
 All right, so every time you cut a okra, you have to cut the limb that feeds it, like right here.
 Cut that right here.
 Cut that limb.


Facebook

 And cut that okra.
 And I'm looking down the line here.
 I'm only going halfway.
 Look how much okra I got.
 Looking down the line, I see probably 50 or 60 more pods.
 Okay, thank you.


Facebook

Tell me that
Doctors reveal that eating okra regularly can cause see more.
Doctors reveal that eating okra regularly can cause
Do you see this right here?
 This right here?
 This is nature's. Nature's lube.
 And all it is, it's just 2 ingredients, okra and water.
 Okra and water.
 Look at that. If you drink okra water, it could actually be good for your gut health.
 This forbidden okra slime isn't totally useless.


Facebook

 This plant lube found inside ochreus is actually called mucilage.
 And it acts like a soluble dietary fiber and a prebiotic.
 When exposed to water, it forms a gel which makes your stool soft, juicy, and regular.
 It also slows down the transit of food in your gut, keeping you fuller for longer.
 And just like soluble fiber, mucilage helps to regulate cholesterol levels.
 It also acts like a prebiotic fiber and feeds your gut bacteria.
 You will get far more gut health benefits eating cooked okra versus drinking okra infused water.
 But this is one of those TikTok trends that won't send you to the emergency room.


Facebook

 And maybe somewhat beneficial if you can bear the taste or texture.
 If you do this, just cut the okra into pieces and immerse it in water for several hours.
 More water equals more slime, equals more goodness.
 You can also find this mucilage slimy in chia seeds, flax seeds, cilium husk, and aloe vera.
 Happy sliming.
But now you're probably seeing this, discussing concussion.
Yes, sir.
 We're going, sir. Heard.
 Come in, Polly.
 Excuse me.
 Oh.


Facebook

 Here, then the next one, I'm ready.
 Sorry, two feet in the middle.
 Okay, take match, ready.
 We're in both, you said, uh, there's milk in a bush of mold.
 Oh
 Yeah, pull it.
 Hey, can you move that top?
 the way.
.
 Wonderful, yard, the climbing, and the bar three.
 Medium.


Facebook

 Three, mediums.
 Right.
 Polly, I'm gonna give you these flots first.
 Shall I get them out of my way, so I can tie these plates down?
 Sorry.
 Which one is it?
 Medium rare in the front, medium in the back.
 in the front.
.


Facebook

 You're always won't.
 All right, uh, onions.
 Possible.
 I'm gonna give you one.
 Go ahead.
 Oh, wait, one more minute.
 Go ahead, Polly.
 Walk those for me real quickly.
 Thank you.
 Coming in, coming in.
 Behind you. I'm right behind you.
 Let me grab those one off under it. Yep.
 Yep.
 Got it.
 Thank you.
 Yes, sir. Beautiful, Paul.


Facebook

 Here, uh... There you go.
 20, copy me something, you are. All right, you think you're helping?
 Hey, are you talking on Citas?
 Yes, two of them.
 Perfect.
 All right, go curious, how long?
 Got to have chicken waiting on you on the sea bath, all right?
 Heard, cleaning out the rib eye.
 You're in the sport, right?
 Sir.


Facebook

 Okay, coming up.
 Where are you at?
 Give me a second.
 Oh, no.
 Hey, potatoes.
 Yes, sir.
All together, guys.
 Yes, sir.
 Let's go, sir. Put some food out of the kitchen.


Facebook

 Part.
 Come in, Polly.
 Excuse me.
 Oh.
 Here, then the next one has ready.
 Start, two feet in the everywhere.
 Okay, egg man, ready.
 We're both, you said, uh, in a bush of mold.
 Oh
 Yeah, pull it.
 All right? Watch the boat, shit.
 Can you move that top?
 out of the way.
 Look at your sardines.
 Wonderful, get rid of the Clemens, and the Barceria.


Facebook

 Medium.
 Millions.
Got a half chicken waiting on you. You wanna see that, all right?
 Heard, cleaning up.
Give me a second.


Facebook

 Oh, no.
 Potatoes?
 Yes, sir.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.


Facebook

 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.
 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.


Facebook

 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.
 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It blew at least 25 meters.


Facebook

 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh. Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.
 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious George, we're actually gonna throw him upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.


Facebook

 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boom.


Facebook

Five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.
 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.


Facebook

 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.
 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.


Facebook

 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It flew at least 25 meters.
 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh... Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.


Facebook

 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious, George.
 We're actually gonna throw them upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.
 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.


Facebook

One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang,
This is trench foot, a fish that walks on land solves problems, and can even recognize humans.
 But keeping a pet mud skipper is harder than anyone tells you, and almost no one has ever got them to have babies in captivity.
 So can I do the impossible and raise a family of walking fish?
 This turned into a love story, a survival story, and a story few have managed to tell.


Facebook

 This begins with a mistake I made 150 days ago, and we have a serious problem.
 Trenchfort was once an energetic mud skipper who would hop around her tank.
 But something bad has happened.
 For the past few weeks, she has barely moved from this spot.
 You see, mud skippers require mud, soft enough so they can burrow in it, but durable enough so those burrows won't collapse.
 I was so worried about the burrows collapsing that I added clay, and lots of it. Over time, the clay has become as hard as a rock, stagnant pockets are formed, and the mangroves have outgrown the tank.


Facebook

 What was once Trenchfits home is hurting her.
 Don't worry, little buddy, I got you.
 Trench foot is getting pure mud so she can build a burrow.
 More height, so the mangroves can grow tall and a real tidal system that simulates the exact conditions of her home in nature.
 Fish are not the most expressive animals, but I get a strong feeling she's not happy about being in this box.
 And for the 1st time in weeks, Trenchfurt began to explore her surroundings.


Facebook

 That mud used to be as solid as a rock, but now it's soft and squelchy, exactly what it needs to be, and trench foot's home is fit for a mud skipper.
 But while that 1st problem is behind us, we have a much, much bigger one to solve.
 Every single pet mud skipper in the world is taken from the wild.
 because almost no one has ever bred them in captivity.
 Mud skippers are not one animal.
 There are dozens of species widespread across the world.
 They live in intertidal muddy areas where salt and freshwater meet, and that means that recreating a real mud skipper biome in your home is a very difficult project.


Facebook

 But getting them to have babies is on another realm of difficulty. If nobody cracks captive breeding, they'll keep being taken from the wild.
 But if I can do this in my spare bedroom, maybe things will begin to change.
 It wasn't so long ago, that trench foot was tiny, skinny, and being bullied by a larger mud skipper.
 After the bully was removed, she made a full recovery and is now a healthy and happy adult who is ready to have babies.


Facebook

 But to complete this extraordinarily difficult task, it takes 2 mud skippers, and there is someone very, very special, I would love for you to meet.
 Say hello to Doughboy, a dwarf Indian mud skipper who has a real chance of making history.
 But it's not as simple as just placing him into Trenchford's tank, as we have previously seen, this can end badly, so I need a plan.
 If I make doughboy a nursery tank, beef him up a bit, place the tank next to trench foot so they can see each other.


Facebook

 We should get an idea of how this interaction will go.
 But the very moment I did that, Trench foot did something I have never seen her do before.
 For the first time in her entire life, trench foot fully displayed her dorsal fin, showing that she recognizes Doughboy in his nursery tank. In return, Doughboy loses his mind and jumps up against the glass, and this tells us 2 things.


Facebook

 One, doughboy is a little bit nuts, and two, we might just be on the verge of creating a mud skipper family, but as the tide came in, things went up a gear.
 Now Trenchfoot and I have a little routine. Whenever it's feeding time, she comes to the front of the tank and does an impression of me getting out of a swimming pool.
 But this time, with Doughboy nearby, Trenchfoot took center stage and began to show us why mud skippers are so special.


Facebook

 Maybe it's the pheromones in the air, or maybe it's because I'm one step closer to starting a mud skipper family, but I may be on the verge of capturing something that has never been captured before, but to actually achieve this goal, the mud skippers have to meet, and this is where things took a turn for the worse.
 Two mud skippers meeting can end very badly.
 This is compounded by the fact that trench foot is considerably larger than Doughboy, and the entire mangrove is her territory.


Facebook

 If she does not accept him, she will attack.
 But if she does accept him, we will be one step closer to our goal. After 2 weeks of watching them flirt through the glass, I decided it was time.
 I opened the lid to Doughboy's box, and with the poise and grace of a mud skipper, he hops into the mangrove.
 Could this actually be the moment our mud skippers finally embrace?
 Despite whacking Dobo in the face with her tail, how a mudskipper's fins are vibrant red, signifying that they are aroused.


Facebook

 Trench foot seems keen on doughboy and keeps waddling over to him and displaying her fins.
 But Doughboy is scared of trench foot, and as soon as she realized he wasn't playing ball, her entire demeanor changed.
 The entire land area belongs to Trenchfurt, and poor doughboy is left with a perch on the filter.
 If this is ever going to work, Doughboy needs land so he can build a burrow, but he also needs to be big enough so trench foot doesn't scare him.


Facebook

 And right now, he is losing on every front.
 So I have a plan.
 Trench foot must go.
 For now, so that doughboy can eat without being chased and can claim some land as his own. If he can beef up a bit and build a burrow, things will be back in motion.
 But even the best plans have flaws, and no matter how thorough a plan is, nothing is straightforward with mud skippers.


Facebook

 With trench foot gone, Doughboy's behavior has totally changed, and he is the king of this mud fact.
 And with that, the next phase is about to commence.
 I have taken every step to build my mud skippers a home that will allow them.
As a home, that will allow.
This is the last episode of tanning this deer hide, and I asked you whether I should tan it with the fur on or fur off.
 And the overwhelming majority ruled hair on.


Facebook

 So that's what we're gonna do today.
 Stick around and see how.
 The way this is achieved is by pushing on the hide, stretching it, and allowing the fibers to separate.
 There's a natural glue inside of a hide, and it's in between the fibers.
 So after you add an oil, whether it be brains or eggs, or in my case, bear grease, the glue is trying to stick those fibers together.
 But with the oil in there, when you separate the fibers, the glue can't stop.


Microphone

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 Well, I do like a good juice.
 Now, why have we got in the fridge here for juice?
 What are you?
 Oh,
 Look, look, look, look, look.
 What did that do?
 Banana.
 a banana.


Microphone

 There are money, of course.
 Are you not sure about this?
 mine.
 What pillows.
 I'm fine, what's the number?
 Stop copying me this instant.
 Stop your baby, just instant. No, silly terriers.
 Oi, da, da, like, a, da, wake, chatting, like, a, wake.
 That may be the princess for a second.
 I've got an idea.
 Okay.


Microphone

 Girl strong
 like you.
 Toys always. Chuck them in the croom.
 You've beaten us, my princess.
 Will you need us?
 Real deep there.
 Right, thank you.
 Yay!
 We're here.
 Okay, you will hide, and I'll sleep.
 Go.
 One, two.
 Hang on.
 Hang on a minute.
 Wheel only high, if you promise not to forget you're looking for us.


Microphone

mastering your art skills.


Facebook

Looking to get ready for college this fall, we've got you covered.
 My name is Jessica Gonzalez.
 I'm director of Trio EOC, and outreach at Big.


TikTok

Let me learn how to adapt.
 Let me learn how to see through the fire.
 Ooh, thank you, spirit.
 Because it's this energy of... ramming through it.
 It's like, you sat there so long, and you were in the flame so long, that it's more than learning how to operate in that chaotic destruction.
 You're like, okay, yes, everything is going to shit.
 But watch what I do.


TikTok

 That's supposed to happen and now it's like, you know what?
 Watch what I do with it, though.
 Watch what I do because of it.
 Watch what I do in spite of being dropped in this fiery, destructive ass, chaotic energy place.
 Not one time did you deserve it?
 Not one time were you... allowed to be a victim in that situation?


TikTok

 And I'm sorry for that.
 I'm sorry for that.
 Because you deserve compassion and kindness for where the fuck you were standing inside of that fire, whether you were able to move or not, you deserved compassion and kindness for standing in that motherfucking fire, okay?
 But I need you to know this energy here is like, yeah, everything's about to, everything's about to pay off.
 Like, you didn't stay there and go through and witness all of that for you.


TikTok

 Nothing.
 Again, let me go back to you.
 Did you deserve it?
 Hell, motherfucking no.
 But because of it, you are going to make sure you never see them type of circumstances ever again.
 You feel me?
 And I think you just need to be congratulated and reminded how proud you should be of yourself.
 I am very, very incredibly proud of you because, wow.
 There were so many times you wanted to give up, but you were like,


TikTok

 No, there has to be better.
 I have to see it through.
 I don't even know what I'm fighting for sometimes, but I got to see it through.
 And you literally, it's almost like you paved, uh, paved a whole pathway through, through the, through the fire, like... This shit sounds crazy, but this, I can see it so clearly in my mind, like, you were sitting in the pit for a long time.
 And I think that's a perfect way to describe it.
 But what I'm seeing is.


TikTok

 Right now, you're ready to run full fucking force.
 You've like, I've seen enough.
 I've been through enough in this.
 I have come back to this place in so many different aspects within my mind, within my life, within my habits.
 I am never coming back here again.
 I'm never coming back here again, and that energy right there... is leading you into this rewarding, very, very much so peaceful garden type of energy, but it is the garden that you crafted.


TikTok

 It is the, it came from ashes.
 It is the phoenix that rises.
 It is that energy.
 of the pinnacles that I'm, this is the ten of pinnacles, and those pinnacles, the stability that she's built, she's walking on it.
 It was the new foundation for the land.
 You had to walk up out of the walk yourself, up out of that fiery ass pit of destruction.
 People constantly nagging at you.


TikTok

 People constantly belittering you, throwing shade in the most obvious that they think is subtle ways.
 You have to fight, baby.
 And the fact that you are never going to go back, come on now.
 Come on now.
 And please understand that when you are triggered and when you have challenges, that's not bringing you back.
 It is a reminder of how far you've come.
 It is a reminder of how far you've traveled.
 It is a reminder to imprint back in your brain that pathway that you paved for yourself to get up out of here.


TikTok

 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 And nobody can take this.
 Nobody can drain this from you anymore.
 Nobody can siphon this.
 It just feels like all these things that take, take, take, take.
 Nobody's taking from you anymore.
 555 on the timer.
 That shit is gone.
 We're time, we are turning the tables, turning the new leaf, you feel me?


TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 21:20
DATA: Facebook

 That's some tall shit.
 I'm tall.
 favorite thing for us.
 We don't care about that.
 What's your least favorite thing about being tall?
 Least favorite thing about being tall, flying an airplane.
 My name's Mark.
 I am from the desert.
 My favorite thing about being tall is, I like to help people out.
 Like, when you go to the market, they can't reach something.
 I'm always there to help them out and get that thing on the top shelf.
 As a petite man, at grocery shops, it's not that hard to grab anything you want.
 Well, they have the assistant button you can just press.
 And then someone comes over and helps you.


Facebook

 How you know about the button?
 Because I use it too.
 What kind of car do you drive?
 I lost my license.
 I don't drive right now
 Gucci, what kind of car you drive?
 I drive a bike, fool.
 He up there.
 Got a chopper.
 Chopper?
 Chopper?
 Yep.
 That's the real big marks?
 Real big one.
 Oh I was right.
 That's hilarious.
 Wow.
 Angel, what kind of what kind of car you drive?
 My mom dropped me out.
 A what?
 My mom dropped me off.
 Okay, but do you have a car?


Facebook

 Bro, she dropped me off.
 Did you take something before you came?
 Terrance, what kind of card do you have?
 Beautiful Cross.
 Buick lacrosse.
 SUV.
 That's like a boat.
 That's a big car.
 No, yeah, it's a sedan.
 The only reason I got it is 'cause Shaq did a commercial for her.
 I like, yeah, that's all...
 He did do a commercial.
 You seem like a really nice and humble person.
 I appreciate that.
 He has tall energy.
 What kind of car you got?
 Tesla.
 Tesla.
 Driving Tesla.
 Which model?
 Duo.
 Oh nice.
 Duel?
 Yeah.
 Is that big enough for your tall ass?


Facebook

 Yeah.
 When was the last thing you hit your head on that wasn't a door frame?
 It was the last thing I hit walking in here.
 But that wasn't a door frame.
 It was a ing garage.
 I feel like he just made that up for now.
 No, into the toilet.
 I was going to the toilet.
 Okay, Angel, what's the last one you hit your head on?
 Sure, Kirk.
 Wait, wait. You said a shotgun?
 angel.
 Oh, what?
 Why don't you start looking at him?
 What's the last thing you hit your head on?
 I said a shower curtain.


Facebook

 Shower, shower, Kurt Angel.
 See, he got on a shower curtain.
 do for work?
 Basketball.
 Like, do you collect them?
 The ones at the arcade? What are you doing with them?
 Little League, yeah.
 We know.
 Little League basketball?
 Oh, man. They not going to let you around kids.
 That's the impression I'm getting.
 No Poochie.
 When's the last time you hit your head on something?
 On my way over here when I got inside my Honda.
 What do you get on your?


Facebook

About a month ago I hired a, uh, experienced carpenter.
 And, you know, it didn't work out.


Facebook

Speechless is crazy.
 So she says what we got to be.
 Coming a wizard.
?
 everything.
.
Today I'm going to take my magnetic field viewer and I'm going to rebuild it.


Facebook

 I had this crazy idea that I could make something that shows magnetism in deeper dimensions.
 Most of my ideas come to me in the moments right before I fall asleep.
 We're gonna find out today... If this idea is gonna work.


Facebook

 So, my idea was to use two of these.
 So with the one pharaoh cell, this is what we would see.
 And when I put the other one on top,


Facebook


 We get a much deeper, and denser image.
 Oh, look at that.
 Okay.
 I've got to admit, this is pretty spectacular.
 I wasn't expecting that.


Facebook

All right, this is the time of year.
 This is the time of the okra season that I really like.
 See, I started way down here cutting okra.
 See all of those stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, stems, every one of those stems is an okra cut.
 And I used to have to stoop and waller down in the leaves. Now, look, way up here.
 So you see that okra right there?
 Now I'm gonna cut the limb, feeding it.
 Let it go to the ground.


Facebook

 Now I'm gonna cut the okra, leave the stem.
 Put it in the bag.
 Now, this one on the backside is big enough, so I'm gonna cut that lamb.
 I'm gonna cut that okra.
 Now, I'm gonna look over on the other side of the aisle.
 This one's big enough, so I'm gonna cut that limb, and I'm gonna take that okra.
 Not big enough, not big enough, not big enough.
 Not big enough, not big enough. Now, that one's big enough, so I'm gonna clip that limb.


Facebook

 Boop.
 And then I'm gonna cut that okra.
 Just like that, put it in the bag, and look over on the other side.
 Oh, yeah, here's a big one.
 This is probably the biggest one of the day right here.
 All right, so every time you cut a okra, you have to cut the limb that feeds it, like right here.
 Cut that right here.
 Cut that limb.


Facebook

 And cut that okra.
 And I'm looking down the line here.
 I'm only going halfway.
 Look how much okra I got.
 Looking down the line, I see probably 50 or 60 more pods.
 Okay, thank you.


Facebook

Tell me that
Doctors reveal that eating okra regularly can cause see more.
Doctors reveal that eating okra regularly can cause
Do you see this right here?
 This right here?
 This is nature's. Nature's lube.
 And all it is, it's just 2 ingredients, okra and water.
 Okra and water.
 Look at that. If you drink okra water, it could actually be good for your gut health.
 This forbidden okra slime isn't totally useless.


Facebook

 This plant lube found inside ochreus is actually called mucilage.
 And it acts like a soluble dietary fiber and a prebiotic.
 When exposed to water, it forms a gel which makes your stool soft, juicy, and regular.
 It also slows down the transit of food in your gut, keeping you fuller for longer.
 And just like soluble fiber, mucilage helps to regulate cholesterol levels.
 It also acts like a prebiotic fiber and feeds your gut bacteria.
 You will get far more gut health benefits eating cooked okra versus drinking okra infused water.
 But this is one of those TikTok trends that won't send you to the emergency room.


Facebook

 And maybe somewhat beneficial if you can bear the taste or texture.
 If you do this, just cut the okra into pieces and immerse it in water for several hours.
 More water equals more slime, equals more goodness.
 You can also find this mucilage slimy in chia seeds, flax seeds, cilium husk, and aloe vera.
 Happy sliming.
But now you're probably seeing this, discussing concussion.
Yes, sir.
 We're going, sir. Heard.
 Come in, Polly.
 Excuse me.
 Oh.


Facebook

 Here, then the next one, I'm ready.
 Sorry, two feet in the middle.
 Okay, take match, ready.
 We're in both, you said, uh, there's milk in a bush of mold.
 Oh
 Yeah, pull it.
 Hey, can you move that top?
 the way.
.
 Wonderful, yard, the climbing, and the bar three.
 Medium.


Facebook

 Three, mediums.
 Right.
 Polly, I'm gonna give you these flots first.
 Shall I get them out of my way, so I can tie these plates down?
 Sorry.
 Which one is it?
 Medium rare in the front, medium in the back.
 in the front.
.


Facebook

 You're always won't.
 All right, uh, onions.
 Possible.
 I'm gonna give you one.
 Go ahead.
 Oh, wait, one more minute.
 Go ahead, Polly.
 Walk those for me real quickly.
 Thank you.
 Coming in, coming in.
 Behind you. I'm right behind you.
 Let me grab those one off under it. Yep.
 Yep.
 Got it.
 Thank you.
 Yes, sir. Beautiful, Paul.


Facebook

 Here, uh... There you go.
 20, copy me something, you are. All right, you think you're helping?
 Hey, are you talking on Citas?
 Yes, two of them.
 Perfect.
 All right, go curious, how long?
 Got to have chicken waiting on you on the sea bath, all right?
 Heard, cleaning out the rib eye.
 You're in the sport, right?
 Sir.


Facebook

 Okay, coming up.
 Where are you at?
 Give me a second.
 Oh, no.
 Hey, potatoes.
 Yes, sir.
All together, guys.
 Yes, sir.
 Let's go, sir. Put some food out of the kitchen.


Facebook

 Part.
 Come in, Polly.
 Excuse me.
 Oh.
 Here, then the next one has ready.
 Start, two feet in the everywhere.
 Okay, egg man, ready.
 We're both, you said, uh, in a bush of mold.
 Oh
 Yeah, pull it.
 All right? Watch the boat, shit.
 Can you move that top?
 out of the way.
 Look at your sardines.
 Wonderful, get rid of the Clemens, and the Barceria.


Facebook

 Medium.
 Millions.
Got a half chicken waiting on you. You wanna see that, all right?
 Heard, cleaning up.
Give me a second.


Facebook

 Oh, no.
 Potatoes?
 Yes, sir.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.


Facebook

 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.
 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.


Facebook

 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.
 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It blew at least 25 meters.


Facebook

 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh. Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.
 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious George, we're actually gonna throw him upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.


Facebook

 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boom.


Facebook

Five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.
 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.


Facebook

 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.
 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.


Facebook

 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It flew at least 25 meters.
 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh... Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.


Facebook

 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious, George.
 We're actually gonna throw them upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.
 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.


Facebook

One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang,
This is trench foot, a fish that walks on land solves problems, and can even recognize humans.
 But keeping a pet mud skipper is harder than anyone tells you, and almost no one has ever got them to have babies in captivity.
 So can I do the impossible and raise a family of walking fish?
 This turned into a love story, a survival story, and a story few have managed to tell.


Facebook

 This begins with a mistake I made 150 days ago, and we have a serious problem.
 Trenchfort was once an energetic mud skipper who would hop around her tank.
 But something bad has happened.
 For the past few weeks, she has barely moved from this spot.
 You see, mud skippers require mud, soft enough so they can burrow in it, but durable enough so those burrows won't collapse.
 I was so worried about the burrows collapsing that I added clay, and lots of it. Over time, the clay has become as hard as a rock, stagnant pockets are formed, and the mangroves have outgrown the tank.


Facebook

 What was once Trenchfits home is hurting her.
 Don't worry, little buddy, I got you.
 Trench foot is getting pure mud so she can build a burrow.
 More height, so the mangroves can grow tall and a real tidal system that simulates the exact conditions of her home in nature.
 Fish are not the most expressive animals, but I get a strong feeling she's not happy about being in this box.
 And for the 1st time in weeks, Trenchfurt began to explore her surroundings.


Facebook

 That mud used to be as solid as a rock, but now it's soft and squelchy, exactly what it needs to be, and trench foot's home is fit for a mud skipper.
 But while that 1st problem is behind us, we have a much, much bigger one to solve.
 Every single pet mud skipper in the world is taken from the wild.
 because almost no one has ever bred them in captivity.
 Mud skippers are not one animal.
 There are dozens of species widespread across the world.
 They live in intertidal muddy areas where salt and freshwater meet, and that means that recreating a real mud skipper biome in your home is a very difficult project.


Facebook

 But getting them to have babies is on another realm of difficulty. If nobody cracks captive breeding, they'll keep being taken from the wild.
 But if I can do this in my spare bedroom, maybe things will begin to change.
 It wasn't so long ago, that trench foot was tiny, skinny, and being bullied by a larger mud skipper.
 After the bully was removed, she made a full recovery and is now a healthy and happy adult who is ready to have babies.


Facebook

 But to complete this extraordinarily difficult task, it takes 2 mud skippers, and there is someone very, very special, I would love for you to meet.
 Say hello to Doughboy, a dwarf Indian mud skipper who has a real chance of making history.
 But it's not as simple as just placing him into Trenchford's tank, as we have previously seen, this can end badly, so I need a plan.
 If I make doughboy a nursery tank, beef him up a bit, place the tank next to trench foot so they can see each other.


Facebook

 We should get an idea of how this interaction will go.
 But the very moment I did that, Trench foot did something I have never seen her do before.
 For the first time in her entire life, trench foot fully displayed her dorsal fin, showing that she recognizes Doughboy in his nursery tank. In return, Doughboy loses his mind and jumps up against the glass, and this tells us 2 things.


Facebook

 One, doughboy is a little bit nuts, and two, we might just be on the verge of creating a mud skipper family, but as the tide came in, things went up a gear.
 Now Trenchfoot and I have a little routine. Whenever it's feeding time, she comes to the front of the tank and does an impression of me getting out of a swimming pool.
 But this time, with Doughboy nearby, Trenchfoot took center stage and began to show us why mud skippers are so special.


Facebook

 Maybe it's the pheromones in the air, or maybe it's because I'm one step closer to starting a mud skipper family, but I may be on the verge of capturing something that has never been captured before, but to actually achieve this goal, the mud skippers have to meet, and this is where things took a turn for the worse.
 Two mud skippers meeting can end very badly.
 This is compounded by the fact that trench foot is considerably larger than Doughboy, and the entire mangrove is her territory.


Facebook

 If she does not accept him, she will attack.
 But if she does accept him, we will be one step closer to our goal. After 2 weeks of watching them flirt through the glass, I decided it was time.
 I opened the lid to Doughboy's box, and with the poise and grace of a mud skipper, he hops into the mangrove.
 Could this actually be the moment our mud skippers finally embrace?
 Despite whacking Dobo in the face with her tail, how a mudskipper's fins are vibrant red, signifying that they are aroused.


Facebook

 Trench foot seems keen on doughboy and keeps waddling over to him and displaying her fins.
 But Doughboy is scared of trench foot, and as soon as she realized he wasn't playing ball, her entire demeanor changed.
 The entire land area belongs to Trenchfurt, and poor doughboy is left with a perch on the filter.
 If this is ever going to work, Doughboy needs land so he can build a burrow, but he also needs to be big enough so trench foot doesn't scare him.


Facebook

 And right now, he is losing on every front.
 So I have a plan.
 Trench foot must go.
 For now, so that doughboy can eat without being chased and can claim some land as his own. If he can beef up a bit and build a burrow, things will be back in motion.
 But even the best plans have flaws, and no matter how thorough a plan is, nothing is straightforward with mud skippers.


Facebook

 With trench foot gone, Doughboy's behavior has totally changed, and he is the king of this mud fact.
 And with that, the next phase is about to commence.
 I have taken every step to build my mud skippers a home that will allow them.
As a home, that will allow.
This is the last episode of tanning this deer hide, and I asked you whether I should tan it with the fur on or fur off.
 And the overwhelming majority ruled hair on.


Facebook

 So that's what we're gonna do today.
 Stick around and see how.
 The way this is achieved is by pushing on the hide, stretching it, and allowing the fibers to separate.
 There's a natural glue inside of a hide, and it's in between the fibers.
 So after you add an oil, whether it be brains or eggs, or in my case, bear grease, the glue is trying to stick those fibers together.
 But with the oil in there, when you separate the fibers, the glue can't stop.


Microphone

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 Well, I do like a good juice.
 Now, why have we got in the fridge here for juice?
 What are you?
 Oh,
 Look, look, look, look, look.
 What did that do?
 Banana.
 a banana.


Microphone

 There are money, of course.
 Are you not sure about this?
 mine.
 What pillows.
 I'm fine, what's the number?
 Stop copying me this instant.
 Stop your baby, just instant. No, silly terriers.
 Oi, da, da, like, a, da, wake, chatting, like, a, wake.
 That may be the princess for a second.
 I've got an idea.
 Okay.


Microphone

 Girl strong
 like you.
 Toys always. Chuck them in the croom.
 You've beaten us, my princess.
 Will you need us?
 Real deep there.
 Right, thank you.
 Yay!
 We're here.
 Okay, you will hide, and I'll sleep.
 Go.
 One, two.
 Hang on.
 Hang on a minute.
 Wheel only high, if you promise not to forget you're looking for us.


Microphone

mastering your art skills.


Facebook

Looking to get ready for college this fall, we've got you covered.
 My name is Jessica Gonzalez.
 I'm director of Trio EOC, and outreach at Big.


TikTok

Let me learn how to adapt.
 Let me learn how to see through the fire.
 Ooh, thank you, spirit.
 Because it's this energy of... ramming through it.
 It's like, you sat there so long, and you were in the flame so long, that it's more than learning how to operate in that chaotic destruction.
 You're like, okay, yes, everything is going to shit.
 But watch what I do.


TikTok

 That's supposed to happen and now it's like, you know what?
 Watch what I do with it, though.
 Watch what I do because of it.
 Watch what I do in spite of being dropped in this fiery, destructive ass, chaotic energy place.
 Not one time did you deserve it?
 Not one time were you... allowed to be a victim in that situation?


TikTok

 And I'm sorry for that.
 I'm sorry for that.
 Because you deserve compassion and kindness for where the fuck you were standing inside of that fire, whether you were able to move or not, you deserved compassion and kindness for standing in that motherfucking fire, okay?
 But I need you to know this energy here is like, yeah, everything's about to, everything's about to pay off.
 Like, you didn't stay there and go through and witness all of that for you.


TikTok

 Nothing.
 Again, let me go back to you.
 Did you deserve it?
 Hell, motherfucking no.
 But because of it, you are going to make sure you never see them type of circumstances ever again.
 You feel me?
 And I think you just need to be congratulated and reminded how proud you should be of yourself.
 I am very, very incredibly proud of you because, wow.
 There were so many times you wanted to give up, but you were like,


TikTok

 No, there has to be better.
 I have to see it through.
 I don't even know what I'm fighting for sometimes, but I got to see it through.
 And you literally, it's almost like you paved, uh, paved a whole pathway through, through the, through the fire, like... This shit sounds crazy, but this, I can see it so clearly in my mind, like, you were sitting in the pit for a long time.
 And I think that's a perfect way to describe it.
 But what I'm seeing is.


TikTok

 Right now, you're ready to run full fucking force.
 You've like, I've seen enough.
 I've been through enough in this.
 I have come back to this place in so many different aspects within my mind, within my life, within my habits.
 I am never coming back here again.
 I'm never coming back here again, and that energy right there... is leading you into this rewarding, very, very much so peaceful garden type of energy, but it is the garden that you crafted.


TikTok

 It is the, it came from ashes.
 It is the phoenix that rises.
 It is that energy.
 of the pinnacles that I'm, this is the ten of pinnacles, and those pinnacles, the stability that she's built, she's walking on it.
 It was the new foundation for the land.
 You had to walk up out of the walk yourself, up out of that fiery ass pit of destruction.
 People constantly nagging at you.


TikTok

 People constantly belittering you, throwing shade in the most obvious that they think is subtle ways.
 You have to fight, baby.
 And the fact that you are never going to go back, come on now.
 Come on now.
 And please understand that when you are triggered and when you have challenges, that's not bringing you back.
 It is a reminder of how far you've come.
 It is a reminder of how far you've traveled.
 It is a reminder to imprint back in your brain that pathway that you paved for yourself to get up out of here.


TikTok

 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 And nobody can take this.
 Nobody can drain this from you anymore.
 Nobody can siphon this.
 It just feels like all these things that take, take, take, take.
 Nobody's taking from you anymore.
 555 on the timer.
 That shit is gone.
 We're time, we are turning the tables, turning the new leaf, you feel me?


TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times, a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community where you know you'll be safe.
 You have been safe.


TikTok

 You're learning what safety feels like.
 You're already standing on this ground.
 You already have, like, the coins are overflowing in the back.
 The children are playing in the background. The dog is out there like everybody's at peace.
 And then we have the 401.
 Just, like, it is, it is your, it is your work.
 It is your consistency to approach each challenge with the idea, whether this is the forethought, the afterthought, the subconscious thought, the conscious, whatever it is, you approach every situation with no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


TikTok

 If this ain't the life that I saw and envisioned for myself to live, this can't be the end.
 So I know I'm gonna make it through this.
 And that's the energy you need to have about every fucking thing.
 And the fact that you have held onto that, even through where you started, is why you're, it's 111 PM right now.
 is exactly why you are going to find yourself winning again and again and again in this new place that you have created for your fucking self.
 I'm so fucking proud of you.
 I love you.


TikTok

 I hope this was helpful, go be great.
 And if it hits, send a tip.
 Chosen ones do not play.
 Chosen ones are kind.
 I'm going to start with the positive 1st and this one, we'll get to you.
 Chose ones are diplomatic.
 We know how to de-escalate situation.
 We are people who will at times go above and beyond, very tolerant, right?
 I mean more so than the average person.
 Self-control, all of the above home training.
 Well, Mama told his grandma, whatever you want to call it, right?
 We got all of that.


TikTok

 But with all there comes this this dark side, people not ready for.
 Because I tell you one thing about people like us, people like me, people like you, were kind, we're diplomatic, but we do not play.
 Once you disrespect after I've done all of that, oh, I know something wrong with you.
 That's obvious, because I've already been kind to you.
 I been nice to you.
 You gonna do me like this?
 It's over.
 So we are men and women who do not play.
 Do not take a chosen man and woman's kindness for weakness.
 It is a gift.
 You hear me?
 And once you take that for a weakness and use that person or disrespect them or disregard them, don't be surprised when you hear the footprints.


TikTok

 and they're gone.
 You will lose a good woman.
 You will lose a good man by taking them for granted.
 Stop taking good people for rent, what I'm trying to say.
 When a person is being nice to you, see it as a gift.
 It's not a weakness because they can switch girls on you and you won't know who you're dealing with.
 Collective, if only you knew what you was supposed to be.
 You broke a stigma that was unfairly placed on you. And the thing about this stigma is it was supposed to lead you to a specific outcome.


TikTok

 Right now, somebody is, somebody is in shocking and horror, but somebody is amazed.
 It's like almost, let's say they didn't believe in God, but then there's you.
 You broke past something that broke everybody else that faced it.
 Or what I was getting is, they became comfortable in a dark place.
 A lot of the things that you've been through, people haven't even been through a fraction of it, but it was enough to make them settle in a dark place to get comfortable and to just accept their dark place.


TikTok

 Like if, you know, if they ended up in life fire, there will I just be fired and I'll just be broke and I'll just be a bum and that's it.
 Life is over.
 Like some people have literally decided that the stigma ends them, right?
 But listen to this, though.
 This is what a stigma is.
 A strong, often unfair, negative attitude, belief or social disapproval.
 It's based on perceived differences.
 As I told y'all before, people look at the chosen and be like, man, they they're different.
 So they're wrong.
 You're not wrong.


TikTok

 You're different.
 People have different mindsets, mindsets which create different perceptions of how they see things, how they view things, their experience, shapes, how they see things.
 They haven't had your experiences, baby, and they haven't even, for some of them, come close and those experiences shape them to give up.
 Now, there are some people who watched you go through things they could never even imagine.
 You are being seen as someone who has such a great sense of self and also a great sense of direction collective.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Though, people just seem to be very much so confused about which direction you are going in, why you are going in that direction.
 And what drove you or what motivated you or what is your, what are your whys as to why are you going in the direction that you are going in?
 Because collective everything about you is very much unorthodox.
 The path that you are walking, the things that you are doing that are applicable toward the path that you are walking.


TikTok

 how you are being of service because you already know being of service will serve to be very much so purposeful, not only to be of service to thyself, but especially to be of service to God's source to big cheese, if you please, to do your part in the midst of co-creation.
 You did what I'm saying, baby.
 I am talking about all of your heart.
 And one thing about you, baby boo, is that you are absolutely going to do everything with all your heart because you already know for sure that the way you do anything is absolutely the way that you do every motherfucking me thing.
 You dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 However, you are so imperceptible, so paradoxical that hell, people don't even know how to take you.
 You you aren't the type of person that people can can really recognize too much patterns in.
 The only patterns that people are able to really perceive or really pinpoint about you collective are the patterns of consistency, of discipline.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Of peace and serendipitous, jolly and jovial, good cheer, and you did what I was saying, spread, joy, and cheer to those who have eyes to see and ears to hear.


TikTok

 Hell, even those that, even when they, they, you know, cast aspersions that you should, you don't even cash your pearls upon swine, baby.
 You just knock the motherfucking meat dust up off your feet and you keep that shit pushing. Like it ain't nobody business, baby.
 I'm talking about God as my witness, but you better believe you, motherfucking me.
 A lot of people are bearing witness to this journey that you are on.
 This heroic escapade that you have embarked on, baby.
 And it's making them want to do the same on their own behalf, on their own accord.
 You dig what I'm saying, whatever that looks like for them.
 Who knows?


TikTok

 But either way, they're finding so much resonance with your story, with your passion, with the way that you are walking a path or your motherfucking me purpose, baby.
 And they are able to tell that you have this ironclad confidence in conjunction with ironclad convictions that that just keep you going and keep you keeping on like a motherfucker.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Plus your amplified faith.
 Ooh, for you know for sure that you can absolutely walk through the motherfucking meat valley out of shadow of Death Collective, and never fear any evil, because God sores the big cheese, if you please, is absolutely walking, lock in step with you, I, they, them, and whatever the fuck anybody identifies as.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, but either way, This is why people just see you as so mythical, like a Pegasus or Minotaur.
 You dig what I'm saying, a siren, if you will, which is why people feel so called to you, to your journey.
 They feel as if there is something that is luring them in.
 And then also at the same time, there are those who want to part of a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to share an immediate proximity with you and be on the receiving end of your love and allegiance, Big Pippin, but have since squandered it.


TikTok

 They are very much so in this reminiscent energy, ruminating over past transgressions, ruminating over certain things that they said, certain actions that they took, or the lack thereof.
 And believe you meet collective, they are, they are yearning.
 They are longing for your energy.
 And they would give anything, just for a morsel.
 A ink link, uh, a grunian of your time.
 You dig what I'm saying, collective.
 Because they had the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to really get up close and personal to you and being able to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury to be able to really pick your mind and to, you know, really receive this, this, these gems and jewels and knowledge of free game that you would oftentime just drop casually.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you were always so supportive.
 You were always so encouraging.
 You dig what I'm saying, and that's another reason why people are watching you.
 That's another reason why people are supporting you, encouraging you, because they know for show, without a motherfucking me doubt that you would do the same, that you do do the same.
 You did what I'm saying, especially by way of consistency, by way of consideration.
 Being consistently considerate.
 But either way, collective, and that's why those same people from your past, they they would wish that they could just have a conversation with you.


TikTok

 Just one more.
 Or hell, they would like to try to creep back in because you are so ironclad on your boundaries that they wouldn't dare step near your motherfucking me toe over where you have the line drawn at in the sand.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 But they they want to see if you will bend or if you will break on your boundaries, you know, maybe like you would have done in past times.
 You did what I was saying.
 And not as if that's what they expect you to do.
 However, you have grown so much and they have stayed stagnant for so long that they are still associating you with the old version of yourself that they once knew.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 So it don't even matter if, even if they get further, do a further review from you, from the person that you are now, either way, you could have a conversation with them.
 You could, either way, they're still going to try to associate you with that version of yourself that they once had.
 You did what I'm saying that you once were.
 And because of that, that means that they aren't going to really hold you in consideration.
 Maybe they'll play, act, and, you know, be remorseful and act as if they've turned over a new leaf initially.


TikTok

 But that shit will quickly dissipate after they feel as if they've gained your trust or, you know, your confidence in them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 But one thing about you, collective is that, hell, once motherfuckers do some fraudulent weird ass shit, or you start to feel as if they operating with this weird ass energy, you 86 them.
 You get them gone.
 Or hell, you just get the fuck from around them.
 Sometimes people grow apart.
 It is what it is.
 And hell, you just let bygones be bygones.
 You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Bye.
 Gone
 straight like that.
 And, you know, a lot of people actually respect that.
 Even those who once upon a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking beat luxury of being able to truly share an immediate proximity with you collective.
 They gotta respect it, and they do.
 But... They just, they wish they could get in where they fit in once more, but no more.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Plus, they see, you know, the heights that you are ascending to.
 They see how you are so rooted in purpose and passion.


TikTok

 They see that, um, baby, you well on your way, and you're absolutely making it do what they do in the only way that you can.
 And they know this for show. And they always knew that you were capable.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They just wish that they could be complicit within being able to say that they had something to do with your victories, with your triumphs.
 You did what I'm saying, with your accomplishments, with your accolades.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 especially because now they feel like they're on the wrong side of history.
 And I mean, not in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 They feel like they've squandered something that could have been beautiful, beneficial.
 Oh, well, you dig what I'm saying.
 Shit.
 Fuck them.
 You know, ain't no, you know, no, no ill will, ill intent to them, but fuck them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And really, you just focus on those who have eyes to see you, ears to hear your messages or whatever.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you just let the rest fall in place, how it needs to.


TikTok

 You're not going to try to control or dictate how things play out.
 You are just going to do your part in the process.
 Ah, and then you will ultimately have control how things play out.
 You did what I'm saying, especially when you go about controlling how you go about reacting in any set of circumstances.
 That's another thing that makes you very much so unpredictable and perceptible, paradoxical.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So, yeah, collective, just know for sure, baby, that people see that you're absolutely going up, up, upity.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And there are a lot of people want to cozy up too.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 They want to, you know, reach some type of acquaintanceship and, you know, gain some type of rapport, bit on top of it to see if there is something more.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And, you know, that's all beautiful, nice and hunky-dory and shit.
 And I know you have enough discernment to know as much as such, who is for you, what is for you, who has good intentions for you, who has ill will, who possesses ill will, or any of that shit.
 You do what I'm saying.
 But a lot of people, they want to see my opportunistic.
 You dig what I'm saying, but they want to align themselves with you.


TikTok

 They want to be in alliance with you, because they are able to tell that you are the type of person that should be aligned with, because you are in alignment, and you are on your assignment, baby.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 And that is why you are receiving so much divine favor.
 That's why people look at you like a fucking mythical being, an alien, something celestial, because you are governed by divine law.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You are, you are the pinnacle of, of what it looks like to be or what it is to be enigmatic.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Hmm.
 Baby, you are polarizing, to say the least.
 So, yeah, baby, I love me, so you, baby boo, have a great motherfucking day.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 God bless you.
 Love you, love yours, stay safe, be of service, stay dangerous.
 This message is for you.
 You have 0 clue who you are in the spirit realm.
 And that's not an insult.
 That's the setup.
 You wake up every day thinking that this version of you is the whole story.


TikTok

 Job, phone, problems, bills, expectations, labels that they slapped on you early and never bothered to remove.
 You scroll, you laugh, you survive, you adapt, you tell yourself that this is normal.
 Everybody's tired.
 Everybody's stressed and everybody's confused.
 But deep down, deep, way down.
 You've always known that something doesn't add up.
 Because you don't just feel lost.
 You feel out of place.
 Like you're a high powered machine dropped in to beginner mode.


TikTok

 Like your memory got wiped on purpose.
 Like your soul walked into this life with a blindfold on and instructions were conveniently missing.
 And you keep asking yourself why certain things hit you harder than they should.
 Why justice makes your chest burn, while you can smell fake from a mile away, while solitude feels safer than crowds.
 But you've always felt washed and measured and studied, even when nobody was around.


TikTok

 You think that's anxiety, but they think that's awareness.
 So you don't know who you are in the spiritual realm, but they do.
 And by they, I don't mean some cartoons and villains and rogues.
 I mean, systems, hierarchies, structures, energies, people who read patterns instead of,
 It's people who study lineage and frequency and reaction, pressure, tolerance, and you know, Have you ever noticed how much resistance showed up in your life early?


TikTok

 Like the hits came fast, like too fast.
 Family chaos, sudden losses, betrayals that felt scripted, doors closing for no reason, no logical reason.
 You told yourself that you were unlucky.
 But pressure reveals quality.
 Nobody wastes opposition on someone average.
 Average people
 See, see.
 You got dragged, but still you're here.
 Still thinking and questioning and standing in rooms that you weren't expected to survive entering.


TikTok

 Still not fully controlled, even after everything that they threw at you to to dull your edge.
 And that's the part that you don't know.
 That's the part that you forgot.
 But somebody noticed.
 Because when you returned, when you came back into this world as this version of you, You didn't come empty.
 You came with residue, instincts, reflexes.
 A presence that you can't explain and that other people can't ignore.
 Have you ever said someone somewhere quietly and feel someone across the room, clock you for no reason?


TikTok

 That's not paranoia.
 That's recognition without context.
 See, your spirit knows how to stand even when your mind is unsure.
 You've always felt older than your age, huh?
 You watch people repeat things that you've already outgrown.
 Like trends don't quite hypnotize you.
 Like you can't fully commit to nonsense no matter how hard you try to blend in.
 You tried.
 You tried being normal, but your soul keeps side eyeing the whole operation.


TikTok

 Because you didn't return to forget, not forever.
 You return under constraint, and that's the part that messes with people.
 You don't wake up knowing the truth.
 You wake up sensing it. And flashes and discomfort and that low hum behind your thoughts that says, this isn't all there is.
 In moments where your patience runs out, for the things that everyone else tolerates easily, and in that urge to burn your old self down and rebuild without asking for permission.


TikTok

 They know who you are because they've seen this pattern before, the, the, the, The ones with dangerous depth, the ones who look calm until they're not, the ones whose awakenings don't come as peace, but they come as disruption.
 They know people like you don't move fast, but when you move, Structures wobble.
 And that's why confusion surrounds you.
 Fog is strategic.
 You think it's accidental that you've had to, you've had to piece yourself together with no manual that nobody really ever explained you to yourself.


TikTok

 The guidance only came half clear.
 Because clarity triggers remembrance and remembrance changes posture, imposture, changes power dynamics.
 And some balances are very comfortable the way that they are.
 So you're giving distractions instead.
 Trauma loops, self-doubt, overthinking, labels that lower expectations, voices that tell you to calm down, be realistic, stay in your lane.
 Meanwhile, your spirit keeps pacing like a caged animal.


TikTok

 Checking the bars, waiting for the click that it recognizes.
 And yeah, you don't know who you are in the spirit realm.
 But you feel the weight of it.
 You feel it when you refuse to bow internally.
 Even when you comply externally.
 When you play the game just enough to survive, but never enough to surrender.
 When you laugh with people who don't know you, knowing if you ever show them the real depth, it would scare them.
 When you sense timelines branching, and you realize small decisions feel heavier for you than for others.


TikTok

 That's because your return wasn't casual.
 Some people reincarnate to experience.
 others return to intervene.
 And right now, you're walking around with the, with, with, with the amnesia part of the package thinking that the confusion is the problem.
 Not realizing that it's the cover.
 The delay isn't punishment.
 It's training under pressure.
 It's seasoning.
 It's learning restraint before remembering capacity.


TikTok

 Takes place.
 You don't need to to, listen, they've been watching how you handle disappointment.
 and how you treat power when you don't have it yet.
 How you talk to yourself when nobody's clapping.
 How you respond when the world keeps testing the strength that you didn't constantly or consciously set up to demonstrate.
 Listen family.
 You're very different.
 You're very different.


TikTok

 Very, very different.
 Everybody knows.
 You know it, they know it.
 We all know it.
 So keep going.
 I need you to understand that you need to be aware of people projecting their insecurities onto you in this season, okay?
 Remember this.
 You are a person that are empowered right now, okay?


TikTok

 And you're projecting a lot of empowerment, which that is amazing, okay?
 And you're operating in so much confidence and security.
 All right, that is going to trigger a lot of people in this season that are low vibrational, that are operating in a very low vibrational way.
 and chose to be small minded and not expand their capacity, not expand their nervous system to hold more like you did, okay?
 9.55 on my clock.
 They're going to make you feel, okay, that you're wrong for being successful, that you're wrong for following your dreams, that you are wrong for accomplishing and achieving your goals, okay?


TikTok

 And so just know that you're going to have people that are going to try and do that because you know why?
 Because they couldn't pray or manifest for you to fade in the shadows, to disappear, to just, you know, cease to exist.
 111 on this timestamp, but you're becoming more bolder, more visible and more louder than ever.
 Okay?
 And it's because you have a voice and you have a testimony, a story to tell.
 And just know this.


TikTok

 It's not your fault for accomplishing your goals.
 It's their fault for not trying or allowing themselves to follow their dreams.
 Yo, I ain't gonna lie, let me ask you something.
 Is there anything you can't do?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Like, okay, Mr. Multifacity?
 Like, this is, I could do all things, like, come on now.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 People be thinking you kind of all over the place sometimes.
 Right?
 But they just don't understand.
 You're not uh,
 You're not a worker, you're a creator.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And everything you touch turns to gold, right?
 It isn't a thing you can't do.
 You can do anything you put your mind.
 That's what makes you special.
 Right?
 People are actually excited to see what's next.
 What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 What people call confusion, I call it depth.
 You just don't be deep enough.
 You know what I mean?
 You already told yourself, you refuse to live.
 Clocking in, working a 95.
 Drinking on the weekends, little vacation every 3 to 6 months.
 Retire with you, 65, and then live a little bit of life and that's it.
 Right?
 You already opted out of that long time ago and decided that's not the life for you.
 You know what I mean?


TikTok

 And there's some people that don't understand because that's what they've been conditioned.
 That's the way they've been conditioned to live.
 You know?
 But that's not for you and it's okay.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you're the type of being who would rather suffer in your freedom.
 Then to have stability and conform.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, yeah, you do what's true to your heart and you genuinely get fulfillment from creating.
 Right?
 If you, all you want to do is create.
 And what you've been creating, It's been fantastic, to say the least.


TikTok

 I'm just going to put that out there, right?
 Like, we we're not going to go past that, right?
 The work damn sure speak for itself.
 Damn sure ain't mediocre.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shout out to you.
 They needed you to believe nobody would understand you because isolated people are easier to silence.
 They convinced you that your reaction was the problem.
 That telling the truth would make you look crazy, that asking for help would only prove them right.
 So you stayed quiet.
 You carried it alone, and they counted on that.
 But then you found people who recognized the pattern.


TikTok

 People who heard your story and didn't ask what you did to deserve it.
 People are understood because they had lived it too.
 They counted on your silence.
 They never planned for survivors to find each other.
 You don't have to survive this alone.
 Not anymore.
 Yes, their heart is being softened, their intentions are being refined, and their understanding of love is becoming deeper than it has ever been before.
 God is working on both sides, not just yours.


TikTok

 He is preparing two lives to come together in a way that reflects patience, respect, and genuine care.
 There may be moments when you feel uncertain when your thoughts try to return to old patterns of doubt.
 That is natural, because your heart has experienced things that taught it to be cautious, but this is not the same as what you have known before.
 God does not repeat cycles that brought you pain.
 He breaks those cycles and replaces them with something that brings healing and stability.


TikTok

 As you continue forward, you will begin to notice small signs that confirm what your spirit already feels.
 These signs will not always be dramatic, sometimes they will come in simple moments, in quiet conversations, in the way your heart feels at ease without effort.
 These are the ways God speaks gently, reminding you that you are on the right path without overwhelming you.
 The connection between you and this person is not built on urgency.


TikTok

 It is built on understanding.
 It grows steadily like something that has been




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 21:30
DATA: Facebook

 Three, mediums.
 Right.
 Polly, I'm gonna give you these flots first.
 Shall I get them out of my way, so I can tie these plates down?
 Sorry.
 Which one is it?
 Medium rare in the front, medium in the back.
 in the front.
.


Facebook

 You're always won't.
 All right, uh, onions.
 Possible.
 I'm gonna give you one.
 Go ahead.
 Oh, wait, one more minute.
 Go ahead, Polly.
 Walk those for me real quickly.
 Thank you.
 Coming in, coming in.
 Behind you. I'm right behind you.
 Let me grab those one off under it. Yep.
 Yep.
 Got it.
 Thank you.
 Yes, sir. Beautiful, Paul.


Facebook

 Here, uh... There you go.
 20, copy me something, you are. All right, you think you're helping?
 Hey, are you talking on Citas?
 Yes, two of them.
 Perfect.
 All right, go curious, how long?
 Got to have chicken waiting on you on the sea bath, all right?
 Heard, cleaning out the rib eye.
 You're in the sport, right?
 Sir.


Facebook

 Okay, coming up.
 Where are you at?
 Give me a second.
 Oh, no.
 Hey, potatoes.
 Yes, sir.
All together, guys.
 Yes, sir.
 Let's go, sir. Put some food out of the kitchen.


Facebook

 Part.
 Come in, Polly.
 Excuse me.
 Oh.
 Here, then the next one has ready.
 Start, two feet in the everywhere.
 Okay, egg man, ready.
 We're both, you said, uh, in a bush of mold.
 Oh
 Yeah, pull it.
 All right? Watch the boat, shit.
 Can you move that top?
 out of the way.
 Look at your sardines.
 Wonderful, get rid of the Clemens, and the Barceria.


Facebook

 Medium.
 Millions.
Got a half chicken waiting on you. You wanna see that, all right?
 Heard, cleaning up.
Give me a second.


Facebook

 Oh, no.
 Potatoes?
 Yes, sir.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.


Facebook

 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.
 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.


Facebook

 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.
 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It blew at least 25 meters.


Facebook

 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh. Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.
 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious George, we're actually gonna throw him upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.


Facebook

 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.
One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boom.


Facebook

Five wing boomerang, six wing boomerang.
 Test one.
 The eel.
 Let's give it a go.
 It's not gonna come back.
 Oh, pitched way high.
 It's almost coming back.
 That's the 1st time I see that happen.
 Test two.
 The seagull.
 Let's give it a toss from one of the wings.
 Nice.
 Good circular flight path, a little bit high.
 Oh yeah, right at me.
 One finger catch, I caught it like this.


Facebook

 Test three.
 The flamingo, one of my most unique designs.
 It was quite challenging coming up with the idea, but... Nice.
 Got it.
 Ah, I love this boomerang.
 Test four.
 The monarch butterfly.
 Nice flick of the wrist.
 I really enjoyed painting this one.
 This has to be one of my favorite paint jobs that I've done.
 Beauty.
 Test five.


Facebook

 The sea turtle.
 This thing is huge.
 Give it a really hard toss.
 Oh, it's going super low.
 Come back.
 Man, that range is wild.
 That's awesome.
 It flew at least 25 meters.
 Let's try that again.
 I'm gonna throw it from its arm this time.
 Nice.
 Was able to get such a better throw.
 Oh... Over my head?
 Yes.
 I was afraid I was gonna get whacked by it in the face.


Facebook

 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious, George.
 We're actually gonna throw them upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.
 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.


Facebook

One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang,
This is trench foot, a fish that walks on land solves problems, and can even recognize humans.
 But keeping a pet mud skipper is harder than anyone tells you, and almost no one has ever got them to have babies in captivity.
 So can I do the impossible and raise a family of walking fish?
 This turned into a love story, a survival story, and a story few have managed to tell.


Facebook

 This begins with a mistake I made 150 days ago, and we have a serious problem.
 Trenchfort was once an energetic mud skipper who would hop around her tank.
 But something bad has happened.
 For the past few weeks, she has barely moved from this spot.
 You see, mud skippers require mud, soft enough so they can burrow in it, but durable enough so those burrows won't collapse.
 I was so worried about the burrows collapsing that I added clay, and lots of it. Over time, the clay has become as hard as a rock, stagnant pockets are formed, and the mangroves have outgrown the tank.


Facebook

 What was once Trenchfits home is hurting her.
 Don't worry, little buddy, I got you.
 Trench foot is getting pure mud so she can build a burrow.
 More height, so the mangroves can grow tall and a real tidal system that simulates the exact conditions of her home in nature.
 Fish are not the most expressive animals, but I get a strong feeling she's not happy about being in this box.
 And for the 1st time in weeks, Trenchfurt began to explore her surroundings.


Facebook

 That mud used to be as solid as a rock, but now it's soft and squelchy, exactly what it needs to be, and trench foot's home is fit for a mud skipper.
 But while that 1st problem is behind us, we have a much, much bigger one to solve.
 Every single pet mud skipper in the world is taken from the wild.
 because almost no one has ever bred them in captivity.
 Mud skippers are not one animal.
 There are dozens of species widespread across the world.
 They live in intertidal muddy areas where salt and freshwater meet, and that means that recreating a real mud skipper biome in your home is a very difficult project.


Facebook

 But getting them to have babies is on another realm of difficulty. If nobody cracks captive breeding, they'll keep being taken from the wild.
 But if I can do this in my spare bedroom, maybe things will begin to change.
 It wasn't so long ago, that trench foot was tiny, skinny, and being bullied by a larger mud skipper.
 After the bully was removed, she made a full recovery and is now a healthy and happy adult who is ready to have babies.


Facebook

 But to complete this extraordinarily difficult task, it takes 2 mud skippers, and there is someone very, very special, I would love for you to meet.
 Say hello to Doughboy, a dwarf Indian mud skipper who has a real chance of making history.
 But it's not as simple as just placing him into Trenchford's tank, as we have previously seen, this can end badly, so I need a plan.
 If I make doughboy a nursery tank, beef him up a bit, place the tank next to trench foot so they can see each other.


Facebook

 We should get an idea of how this interaction will go.
 But the very moment I did that, Trench foot did something I have never seen her do before.
 For the first time in her entire life, trench foot fully displayed her dorsal fin, showing that she recognizes Doughboy in his nursery tank. In return, Doughboy loses his mind and jumps up against the glass, and this tells us 2 things.


Facebook

 One, doughboy is a little bit nuts, and two, we might just be on the verge of creating a mud skipper family, but as the tide came in, things went up a gear.
 Now Trenchfoot and I have a little routine. Whenever it's feeding time, she comes to the front of the tank and does an impression of me getting out of a swimming pool.
 But this time, with Doughboy nearby, Trenchfoot took center stage and began to show us why mud skippers are so special.


Facebook

 Maybe it's the pheromones in the air, or maybe it's because I'm one step closer to starting a mud skipper family, but I may be on the verge of capturing something that has never been captured before, but to actually achieve this goal, the mud skippers have to meet, and this is where things took a turn for the worse.
 Two mud skippers meeting can end very badly.
 This is compounded by the fact that trench foot is considerably larger than Doughboy, and the entire mangrove is her territory.


Facebook

 If she does not accept him, she will attack.
 But if she does accept him, we will be one step closer to our goal. After 2 weeks of watching them flirt through the glass, I decided it was time.
 I opened the lid to Doughboy's box, and with the poise and grace of a mud skipper, he hops into the mangrove.
 Could this actually be the moment our mud skippers finally embrace?
 Despite whacking Dobo in the face with her tail, how a mudskipper's fins are vibrant red, signifying that they are aroused.


Facebook

 Trench foot seems keen on doughboy and keeps waddling over to him and displaying her fins.
 But Doughboy is scared of trench foot, and as soon as she realized he wasn't playing ball, her entire demeanor changed.
 The entire land area belongs to Trenchfurt, and poor doughboy is left with a perch on the filter.
 If this is ever going to work, Doughboy needs land so he can build a burrow, but he also needs to be big enough so trench foot doesn't scare him.


Facebook

 And right now, he is losing on every front.
 So I have a plan.
 Trench foot must go.
 For now, so that doughboy can eat without being chased and can claim some land as his own. If he can beef up a bit and build a burrow, things will be back in motion.
 But even the best plans have flaws, and no matter how thorough a plan is, nothing is straightforward with mud skippers.


Facebook

 With trench foot gone, Doughboy's behavior has totally changed, and he is the king of this mud fact.
 And with that, the next phase is about to commence.
 I have taken every step to build my mud skippers a home that will allow them.
As a home, that will allow.
This is the last episode of tanning this deer hide, and I asked you whether I should tan it with the fur on or fur off.
 And the overwhelming majority ruled hair on.


Facebook

 So that's what we're gonna do today.
 Stick around and see how.
 The way this is achieved is by pushing on the hide, stretching it, and allowing the fibers to separate.
 There's a natural glue inside of a hide, and it's in between the fibers.
 So after you add an oil, whether it be brains or eggs, or in my case, bear grease, the glue is trying to stick those fibers together.
 But with the oil in there, when you separate the fibers, the glue can't stop.


Microphone

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 Well, I do like a good juice.
 Now, why have we got in the fridge here for juice?
 What are you?
 Oh,
 Look, look, look, look, look.
 What did that do?
 Banana.
 a banana.


Microphone

 There are money, of course.
 Are you not sure about this?
 mine.
 What pillows.
 I'm fine, what's the number?
 Stop copying me this instant.
 Stop your baby, just instant. No, silly terriers.
 Oi, da, da, like, a, da, wake, chatting, like, a, wake.
 That may be the princess for a second.
 I've got an idea.
 Okay.


Microphone

 Girl strong
 like you.
 Toys always. Chuck them in the croom.
 You've beaten us, my princess.
 Will you need us?
 Real deep there.
 Right, thank you.
 Yay!
 We're here.
 Okay, you will hide, and I'll sleep.
 Go.
 One, two.
 Hang on.
 Hang on a minute.
 Wheel only high, if you promise not to forget you're looking for us.


Microphone

mastering your art skills.


Facebook

Looking to get ready for college this fall, we've got you covered.
 My name is Jessica Gonzalez.
 I'm director of Trio EOC, and outreach at Big.


TikTok

Let me learn how to adapt.
 Let me learn how to see through the fire.
 Ooh, thank you, spirit.
 Because it's this energy of... ramming through it.
 It's like, you sat there so long, and you were in the flame so long, that it's more than learning how to operate in that chaotic destruction.
 You're like, okay, yes, everything is going to shit.
 But watch what I do.


TikTok

 That's supposed to happen and now it's like, you know what?
 Watch what I do with it, though.
 Watch what I do because of it.
 Watch what I do in spite of being dropped in this fiery, destructive ass, chaotic energy place.
 Not one time did you deserve it?
 Not one time were you... allowed to be a victim in that situation?


TikTok

 And I'm sorry for that.
 I'm sorry for that.
 Because you deserve compassion and kindness for where the fuck you were standing inside of that fire, whether you were able to move or not, you deserved compassion and kindness for standing in that motherfucking fire, okay?
 But I need you to know this energy here is like, yeah, everything's about to, everything's about to pay off.
 Like, you didn't stay there and go through and witness all of that for you.


TikTok

 Nothing.
 Again, let me go back to you.
 Did you deserve it?
 Hell, motherfucking no.
 But because of it, you are going to make sure you never see them type of circumstances ever again.
 You feel me?
 And I think you just need to be congratulated and reminded how proud you should be of yourself.
 I am very, very incredibly proud of you because, wow.
 There were so many times you wanted to give up, but you were like,


TikTok

 No, there has to be better.
 I have to see it through.
 I don't even know what I'm fighting for sometimes, but I got to see it through.
 And you literally, it's almost like you paved, uh, paved a whole pathway through, through the, through the fire, like... This shit sounds crazy, but this, I can see it so clearly in my mind, like, you were sitting in the pit for a long time.
 And I think that's a perfect way to describe it.
 But what I'm seeing is.


TikTok

 Right now, you're ready to run full fucking force.
 You've like, I've seen enough.
 I've been through enough in this.
 I have come back to this place in so many different aspects within my mind, within my life, within my habits.
 I am never coming back here again.
 I'm never coming back here again, and that energy right there... is leading you into this rewarding, very, very much so peaceful garden type of energy, but it is the garden that you crafted.


TikTok

 It is the, it came from ashes.
 It is the phoenix that rises.
 It is that energy.
 of the pinnacles that I'm, this is the ten of pinnacles, and those pinnacles, the stability that she's built, she's walking on it.
 It was the new foundation for the land.
 You had to walk up out of the walk yourself, up out of that fiery ass pit of destruction.
 People constantly nagging at you.


TikTok

 People constantly belittering you, throwing shade in the most obvious that they think is subtle ways.
 You have to fight, baby.
 And the fact that you are never going to go back, come on now.
 Come on now.
 And please understand that when you are triggered and when you have challenges, that's not bringing you back.
 It is a reminder of how far you've come.
 It is a reminder of how far you've traveled.
 It is a reminder to imprint back in your brain that pathway that you paved for yourself to get up out of here.


TikTok

 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 And nobody can take this.
 Nobody can drain this from you anymore.
 Nobody can siphon this.
 It just feels like all these things that take, take, take, take.
 Nobody's taking from you anymore.
 555 on the timer.
 That shit is gone.
 We're time, we are turning the tables, turning the new leaf, you feel me?


TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times, a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community where you know you'll be safe.
 You have been safe.


TikTok

 You're learning what safety feels like.
 You're already standing on this ground.
 You already have, like, the coins are overflowing in the back.
 The children are playing in the background. The dog is out there like everybody's at peace.
 And then we have the 401.
 Just, like, it is, it is your, it is your work.
 It is your consistency to approach each challenge with the idea, whether this is the forethought, the afterthought, the subconscious thought, the conscious, whatever it is, you approach every situation with no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


TikTok

 If this ain't the life that I saw and envisioned for myself to live, this can't be the end.
 So I know I'm gonna make it through this.
 And that's the energy you need to have about every fucking thing.
 And the fact that you have held onto that, even through where you started, is why you're, it's 111 PM right now.
 is exactly why you are going to find yourself winning again and again and again in this new place that you have created for your fucking self.
 I'm so fucking proud of you.
 I love you.


TikTok

 I hope this was helpful, go be great.
 And if it hits, send a tip.
 Chosen ones do not play.
 Chosen ones are kind.
 I'm going to start with the positive 1st and this one, we'll get to you.
 Chose ones are diplomatic.
 We know how to de-escalate situation.
 We are people who will at times go above and beyond, very tolerant, right?
 I mean more so than the average person.
 Self-control, all of the above home training.
 Well, Mama told his grandma, whatever you want to call it, right?
 We got all of that.


TikTok

 But with all there comes this this dark side, people not ready for.
 Because I tell you one thing about people like us, people like me, people like you, were kind, we're diplomatic, but we do not play.
 Once you disrespect after I've done all of that, oh, I know something wrong with you.
 That's obvious, because I've already been kind to you.
 I been nice to you.
 You gonna do me like this?
 It's over.
 So we are men and women who do not play.
 Do not take a chosen man and woman's kindness for weakness.
 It is a gift.
 You hear me?
 And once you take that for a weakness and use that person or disrespect them or disregard them, don't be surprised when you hear the footprints.


TikTok

 and they're gone.
 You will lose a good woman.
 You will lose a good man by taking them for granted.
 Stop taking good people for rent, what I'm trying to say.
 When a person is being nice to you, see it as a gift.
 It's not a weakness because they can switch girls on you and you won't know who you're dealing with.
 Collective, if only you knew what you was supposed to be.
 You broke a stigma that was unfairly placed on you. And the thing about this stigma is it was supposed to lead you to a specific outcome.


TikTok

 Right now, somebody is, somebody is in shocking and horror, but somebody is amazed.
 It's like almost, let's say they didn't believe in God, but then there's you.
 You broke past something that broke everybody else that faced it.
 Or what I was getting is, they became comfortable in a dark place.
 A lot of the things that you've been through, people haven't even been through a fraction of it, but it was enough to make them settle in a dark place to get comfortable and to just accept their dark place.


TikTok

 Like if, you know, if they ended up in life fire, there will I just be fired and I'll just be broke and I'll just be a bum and that's it.
 Life is over.
 Like some people have literally decided that the stigma ends them, right?
 But listen to this, though.
 This is what a stigma is.
 A strong, often unfair, negative attitude, belief or social disapproval.
 It's based on perceived differences.
 As I told y'all before, people look at the chosen and be like, man, they they're different.
 So they're wrong.
 You're not wrong.


TikTok

 You're different.
 People have different mindsets, mindsets which create different perceptions of how they see things, how they view things, their experience, shapes, how they see things.
 They haven't had your experiences, baby, and they haven't even, for some of them, come close and those experiences shape them to give up.
 Now, there are some people who watched you go through things they could never even imagine.
 You are being seen as someone who has such a great sense of self and also a great sense of direction collective.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Though, people just seem to be very much so confused about which direction you are going in, why you are going in that direction.
 And what drove you or what motivated you or what is your, what are your whys as to why are you going in the direction that you are going in?
 Because collective everything about you is very much unorthodox.
 The path that you are walking, the things that you are doing that are applicable toward the path that you are walking.


TikTok

 how you are being of service because you already know being of service will serve to be very much so purposeful, not only to be of service to thyself, but especially to be of service to God's source to big cheese, if you please, to do your part in the midst of co-creation.
 You did what I'm saying, baby.
 I am talking about all of your heart.
 And one thing about you, baby boo, is that you are absolutely going to do everything with all your heart because you already know for sure that the way you do anything is absolutely the way that you do every motherfucking me thing.
 You dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 However, you are so imperceptible, so paradoxical that hell, people don't even know how to take you.
 You you aren't the type of person that people can can really recognize too much patterns in.
 The only patterns that people are able to really perceive or really pinpoint about you collective are the patterns of consistency, of discipline.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Of peace and serendipitous, jolly and jovial, good cheer, and you did what I was saying, spread, joy, and cheer to those who have eyes to see and ears to hear.


TikTok

 Hell, even those that, even when they, they, you know, cast aspersions that you should, you don't even cash your pearls upon swine, baby.
 You just knock the motherfucking meat dust up off your feet and you keep that shit pushing. Like it ain't nobody business, baby.
 I'm talking about God as my witness, but you better believe you, motherfucking me.
 A lot of people are bearing witness to this journey that you are on.
 This heroic escapade that you have embarked on, baby.
 And it's making them want to do the same on their own behalf, on their own accord.
 You dig what I'm saying, whatever that looks like for them.
 Who knows?


TikTok

 But either way, they're finding so much resonance with your story, with your passion, with the way that you are walking a path or your motherfucking me purpose, baby.
 And they are able to tell that you have this ironclad confidence in conjunction with ironclad convictions that that just keep you going and keep you keeping on like a motherfucker.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Plus your amplified faith.
 Ooh, for you know for sure that you can absolutely walk through the motherfucking meat valley out of shadow of Death Collective, and never fear any evil, because God sores the big cheese, if you please, is absolutely walking, lock in step with you, I, they, them, and whatever the fuck anybody identifies as.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, but either way, This is why people just see you as so mythical, like a Pegasus or Minotaur.
 You dig what I'm saying, a siren, if you will, which is why people feel so called to you, to your journey.
 They feel as if there is something that is luring them in.
 And then also at the same time, there are those who want to part of a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to share an immediate proximity with you and be on the receiving end of your love and allegiance, Big Pippin, but have since squandered it.


TikTok

 They are very much so in this reminiscent energy, ruminating over past transgressions, ruminating over certain things that they said, certain actions that they took, or the lack thereof.
 And believe you meet collective, they are, they are yearning.
 They are longing for your energy.
 And they would give anything, just for a morsel.
 A ink link, uh, a grunian of your time.
 You dig what I'm saying, collective.
 Because they had the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to really get up close and personal to you and being able to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury to be able to really pick your mind and to, you know, really receive this, this, these gems and jewels and knowledge of free game that you would oftentime just drop casually.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you were always so supportive.
 You were always so encouraging.
 You dig what I'm saying, and that's another reason why people are watching you.
 That's another reason why people are supporting you, encouraging you, because they know for show, without a motherfucking me doubt that you would do the same, that you do do the same.
 You did what I'm saying, especially by way of consistency, by way of consideration.
 Being consistently considerate.
 But either way, collective, and that's why those same people from your past, they they would wish that they could just have a conversation with you.


TikTok

 Just one more.
 Or hell, they would like to try to creep back in because you are so ironclad on your boundaries that they wouldn't dare step near your motherfucking me toe over where you have the line drawn at in the sand.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 But they they want to see if you will bend or if you will break on your boundaries, you know, maybe like you would have done in past times.
 You did what I was saying.
 And not as if that's what they expect you to do.
 However, you have grown so much and they have stayed stagnant for so long that they are still associating you with the old version of yourself that they once knew.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 So it don't even matter if, even if they get further, do a further review from you, from the person that you are now, either way, you could have a conversation with them.
 You could, either way, they're still going to try to associate you with that version of yourself that they once had.
 You did what I'm saying that you once were.
 And because of that, that means that they aren't going to really hold you in consideration.
 Maybe they'll play, act, and, you know, be remorseful and act as if they've turned over a new leaf initially.


TikTok

 But that shit will quickly dissipate after they feel as if they've gained your trust or, you know, your confidence in them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 But one thing about you, collective is that, hell, once motherfuckers do some fraudulent weird ass shit, or you start to feel as if they operating with this weird ass energy, you 86 them.
 You get them gone.
 Or hell, you just get the fuck from around them.
 Sometimes people grow apart.
 It is what it is.
 And hell, you just let bygones be bygones.
 You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Bye.
 Gone
 straight like that.
 And, you know, a lot of people actually respect that.
 Even those who once upon a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking beat luxury of being able to truly share an immediate proximity with you collective.
 They gotta respect it, and they do.
 But... They just, they wish they could get in where they fit in once more, but no more.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Plus, they see, you know, the heights that you are ascending to.
 They see how you are so rooted in purpose and passion.


TikTok

 They see that, um, baby, you well on your way, and you're absolutely making it do what they do in the only way that you can.
 And they know this for show. And they always knew that you were capable.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They just wish that they could be complicit within being able to say that they had something to do with your victories, with your triumphs.
 You did what I'm saying, with your accomplishments, with your accolades.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 especially because now they feel like they're on the wrong side of history.
 And I mean, not in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 They feel like they've squandered something that could have been beautiful, beneficial.
 Oh, well, you dig what I'm saying.
 Shit.
 Fuck them.
 You know, ain't no, you know, no, no ill will, ill intent to them, but fuck them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And really, you just focus on those who have eyes to see you, ears to hear your messages or whatever.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you just let the rest fall in place, how it needs to.


TikTok

 You're not going to try to control or dictate how things play out.
 You are just going to do your part in the process.
 Ah, and then you will ultimately have control how things play out.
 You did what I'm saying, especially when you go about controlling how you go about reacting in any set of circumstances.
 That's another thing that makes you very much so unpredictable and perceptible, paradoxical.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So, yeah, collective, just know for sure, baby, that people see that you're absolutely going up, up, upity.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And there are a lot of people want to cozy up too.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 They want to, you know, reach some type of acquaintanceship and, you know, gain some type of rapport, bit on top of it to see if there is something more.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And, you know, that's all beautiful, nice and hunky-dory and shit.
 And I know you have enough discernment to know as much as such, who is for you, what is for you, who has good intentions for you, who has ill will, who possesses ill will, or any of that shit.
 You do what I'm saying.
 But a lot of people, they want to see my opportunistic.
 You dig what I'm saying, but they want to align themselves with you.


TikTok

 They want to be in alliance with you, because they are able to tell that you are the type of person that should be aligned with, because you are in alignment, and you are on your assignment, baby.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 And that is why you are receiving so much divine favor.
 That's why people look at you like a fucking mythical being, an alien, something celestial, because you are governed by divine law.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You are, you are the pinnacle of, of what it looks like to be or what it is to be enigmatic.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Hmm.
 Baby, you are polarizing, to say the least.
 So, yeah, baby, I love me, so you, baby boo, have a great motherfucking day.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 God bless you.
 Love you, love yours, stay safe, be of service, stay dangerous.
 This message is for you.
 You have 0 clue who you are in the spirit realm.
 And that's not an insult.
 That's the setup.
 You wake up every day thinking that this version of you is the whole story.


TikTok

 Job, phone, problems, bills, expectations, labels that they slapped on you early and never bothered to remove.
 You scroll, you laugh, you survive, you adapt, you tell yourself that this is normal.
 Everybody's tired.
 Everybody's stressed and everybody's confused.
 But deep down, deep, way down.
 You've always known that something doesn't add up.
 Because you don't just feel lost.
 You feel out of place.
 Like you're a high powered machine dropped in to beginner mode.


TikTok

 Like your memory got wiped on purpose.
 Like your soul walked into this life with a blindfold on and instructions were conveniently missing.
 And you keep asking yourself why certain things hit you harder than they should.
 Why justice makes your chest burn, while you can smell fake from a mile away, while solitude feels safer than crowds.
 But you've always felt washed and measured and studied, even when nobody was around.


TikTok

 You think that's anxiety, but they think that's awareness.
 So you don't know who you are in the spiritual realm, but they do.
 And by they, I don't mean some cartoons and villains and rogues.
 I mean, systems, hierarchies, structures, energies, people who read patterns instead of,
 It's people who study lineage and frequency and reaction, pressure, tolerance, and you know, Have you ever noticed how much resistance showed up in your life early?


TikTok

 Like the hits came fast, like too fast.
 Family chaos, sudden losses, betrayals that felt scripted, doors closing for no reason, no logical reason.
 You told yourself that you were unlucky.
 But pressure reveals quality.
 Nobody wastes opposition on someone average.
 Average people
 See, see.
 You got dragged, but still you're here.
 Still thinking and questioning and standing in rooms that you weren't expected to survive entering.


TikTok

 Still not fully controlled, even after everything that they threw at you to to dull your edge.
 And that's the part that you don't know.
 That's the part that you forgot.
 But somebody noticed.
 Because when you returned, when you came back into this world as this version of you, You didn't come empty.
 You came with residue, instincts, reflexes.
 A presence that you can't explain and that other people can't ignore.
 Have you ever said someone somewhere quietly and feel someone across the room, clock you for no reason?


TikTok

 That's not paranoia.
 That's recognition without context.
 See, your spirit knows how to stand even when your mind is unsure.
 You've always felt older than your age, huh?
 You watch people repeat things that you've already outgrown.
 Like trends don't quite hypnotize you.
 Like you can't fully commit to nonsense no matter how hard you try to blend in.
 You tried.
 You tried being normal, but your soul keeps side eyeing the whole operation.


TikTok

 Because you didn't return to forget, not forever.
 You return under constraint, and that's the part that messes with people.
 You don't wake up knowing the truth.
 You wake up sensing it. And flashes and discomfort and that low hum behind your thoughts that says, this isn't all there is.
 In moments where your patience runs out, for the things that everyone else tolerates easily, and in that urge to burn your old self down and rebuild without asking for permission.


TikTok

 They know who you are because they've seen this pattern before, the, the, the, The ones with dangerous depth, the ones who look calm until they're not, the ones whose awakenings don't come as peace, but they come as disruption.
 They know people like you don't move fast, but when you move, Structures wobble.
 And that's why confusion surrounds you.
 Fog is strategic.
 You think it's accidental that you've had to, you've had to piece yourself together with no manual that nobody really ever explained you to yourself.


TikTok

 The guidance only came half clear.
 Because clarity triggers remembrance and remembrance changes posture, imposture, changes power dynamics.
 And some balances are very comfortable the way that they are.
 So you're giving distractions instead.
 Trauma loops, self-doubt, overthinking, labels that lower expectations, voices that tell you to calm down, be realistic, stay in your lane.
 Meanwhile, your spirit keeps pacing like a caged animal.


TikTok

 Checking the bars, waiting for the click that it recognizes.
 And yeah, you don't know who you are in the spirit realm.
 But you feel the weight of it.
 You feel it when you refuse to bow internally.
 Even when you comply externally.
 When you play the game just enough to survive, but never enough to surrender.
 When you laugh with people who don't know you, knowing if you ever show them the real depth, it would scare them.
 When you sense timelines branching, and you realize small decisions feel heavier for you than for others.


TikTok

 That's because your return wasn't casual.
 Some people reincarnate to experience.
 others return to intervene.
 And right now, you're walking around with the, with, with, with the amnesia part of the package thinking that the confusion is the problem.
 Not realizing that it's the cover.
 The delay isn't punishment.
 It's training under pressure.
 It's seasoning.
 It's learning restraint before remembering capacity.


TikTok

 Takes place.
 You don't need to to, listen, they've been watching how you handle disappointment.
 and how you treat power when you don't have it yet.
 How you talk to yourself when nobody's clapping.
 How you respond when the world keeps testing the strength that you didn't constantly or consciously set up to demonstrate.
 Listen family.
 You're very different.
 You're very different.


TikTok

 Very, very different.
 Everybody knows.
 You know it, they know it.
 We all know it.
 So keep going.
 I need you to understand that you need to be aware of people projecting their insecurities onto you in this season, okay?
 Remember this.
 You are a person that are empowered right now, okay?


TikTok

 And you're projecting a lot of empowerment, which that is amazing, okay?
 And you're operating in so much confidence and security.
 All right, that is going to trigger a lot of people in this season that are low vibrational, that are operating in a very low vibrational way.
 and chose to be small minded and not expand their capacity, not expand their nervous system to hold more like you did, okay?
 9.55 on my clock.
 They're going to make you feel, okay, that you're wrong for being successful, that you're wrong for following your dreams, that you are wrong for accomplishing and achieving your goals, okay?


TikTok

 And so just know that you're going to have people that are going to try and do that because you know why?
 Because they couldn't pray or manifest for you to fade in the shadows, to disappear, to just, you know, cease to exist.
 111 on this timestamp, but you're becoming more bolder, more visible and more louder than ever.
 Okay?
 And it's because you have a voice and you have a testimony, a story to tell.
 And just know this.


TikTok

 It's not your fault for accomplishing your goals.
 It's their fault for not trying or allowing themselves to follow their dreams.
 Yo, I ain't gonna lie, let me ask you something.
 Is there anything you can't do?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Like, okay, Mr. Multifacity?
 Like, this is, I could do all things, like, come on now.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 People be thinking you kind of all over the place sometimes.
 Right?
 But they just don't understand.
 You're not uh,
 You're not a worker, you're a creator.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And everything you touch turns to gold, right?
 It isn't a thing you can't do.
 You can do anything you put your mind.
 That's what makes you special.
 Right?
 People are actually excited to see what's next.
 What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 What people call confusion, I call it depth.
 You just don't be deep enough.
 You know what I mean?
 You already told yourself, you refuse to live.
 Clocking in, working a 95.
 Drinking on the weekends, little vacation every 3 to 6 months.
 Retire with you, 65, and then live a little bit of life and that's it.
 Right?
 You already opted out of that long time ago and decided that's not the life for you.
 You know what I mean?


TikTok

 And there's some people that don't understand because that's what they've been conditioned.
 That's the way they've been conditioned to live.
 You know?
 But that's not for you and it's okay.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you're the type of being who would rather suffer in your freedom.
 Then to have stability and conform.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, yeah, you do what's true to your heart and you genuinely get fulfillment from creating.
 Right?
 If you, all you want to do is create.
 And what you've been creating, It's been fantastic, to say the least.


TikTok

 I'm just going to put that out there, right?
 Like, we we're not going to go past that, right?
 The work damn sure speak for itself.
 Damn sure ain't mediocre.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shout out to you.
 They needed you to believe nobody would understand you because isolated people are easier to silence.
 They convinced you that your reaction was the problem.
 That telling the truth would make you look crazy, that asking for help would only prove them right.
 So you stayed quiet.
 You carried it alone, and they counted on that.
 But then you found people who recognized the pattern.


TikTok

 People who heard your story and didn't ask what you did to deserve it.
 People are understood because they had lived it too.
 They counted on your silence.
 They never planned for survivors to find each other.
 You don't have to survive this alone.
 Not anymore.
 Yes, their heart is being softened, their intentions are being refined, and their understanding of love is becoming deeper than it has ever been before.
 God is working on both sides, not just yours.


TikTok

 He is preparing two lives to come together in a way that reflects patience, respect, and genuine care.
 There may be moments when you feel uncertain when your thoughts try to return to old patterns of doubt.
 That is natural, because your heart has experienced things that taught it to be cautious, but this is not the same as what you have known before.
 God does not repeat cycles that brought you pain.
 He breaks those cycles and replaces them with something that brings healing and stability.


TikTok

 As you continue forward, you will begin to notice small signs that confirm what your spirit already feels.
 These signs will not always be dramatic, sometimes they will come in simple moments, in quiet conversations, in the way your heart feels at ease without effort.
 These are the ways God speaks gently, reminding you that you are on the right path without overwhelming you.
 The connection between you and this person is not built on urgency.


TikTok

 It is built on understanding.
 It grows steadily, like something that has been planted carefully and is now beginning to take root.
 This kind of growth does not fade quickly.
 It becomes stronger over time, gaining depth with each passing day.
 There is something important you are learning through this experience.
 You are learning that love does not have to feel unstable to be real.
 It does not have to come with fear to be meaningful.


TikTok

 God's kind of love brings a sense of security that allows you to breathe freely.
 It allows you to be yourself without fear of being misunderstood or rejected.
 Type 1111 if you trust in God.
 There may be people around you who do not understand what is happening.
 They may look at the situation and try to define it based on their own beliefs or expectations.
 But they do not see what God sees.
 They do not feel what he has placed within your heart.


TikTok

 Their perspective is limited, but God's vision is complete.
 You are not called to live according to the opinions of others.
 You are called to walk in alignment with what God has placed within you.
 When he ordains something, it carries a purpose that goes beyond what others can see.
 It is not about proving anything to anyone.
 It is about trusting what has been written for you.
 This person's love for you is not built on surface attraction.


X

Guess who's back?


Microphone

mommy.
 Man, I'm round the pool. Table movement for animals.
 Oh, great.
 Stay back, Snowdrop. But, get out, you three guys.
 I visit is the snow I see you lying around, right?
 Okay, sweet, monkey, sweet. Yes, it.
 Next the lady.
 Tonight


Microphone

 Oh, my.
 Hey, Monkey, fat Butt Pop.
 And get this going.
 Hello, let's go see the cooka box.
 Come along, Snowdrop.
 Wow.
 Mm
 Here's now my granny!
 This episode is cool, granny.
 Thanks, Joe, you picked up some things for dinner, Rita.


Microphone

 What was that? Janet?
 The shop's Cl is free down.
 Potterter?
 I said the show's closed.
 Don't worry about her, love.
 I didn't look who buy me.
 Sorry,
 Where are the things?
 Look, I think it's festival.
 Janet, wake up.
 Just having a nana nap, love?
 I cannot find any bites.
 What have you got there?


Microphone

 Oh, not see.
 Hey, you have to pay for those fees.
 Rita!
 I smell from my baby.
 Hey, sorry, you have to fly properly.
 You know how they do what gries do.
 Gries don't lost.
 They do.


Microphone

 Please come here.
 Oh, you dad ting gone?
 Dad.
 Bingo!
 Oh!
 That was a hard one.
 Dad, Dad.
 Exactly, yes.
 What's that?
 It's first re B be hard.
 Oh, wow.
 He's a building, and his baby's small.
 Oh, this is my dad.
 He's not actually real.
 He's a puppet, he has to find his sister. Okay. Hi, boss.


Microphone

 Nice to meet you.
 Well, let's get you back home and show you around.
 This little piggy went to market, and this little piggy stone...
 Hey, no, I didn't.
 I'm coming too.
 Check this out, we're gone.
 The two fairy with a special sticker on here.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 That's the question.
 Hmm, that is a question.


Microphone

 And question.
 Hey!
 In me.
 box.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 I don't know.
 Can you come and help me?
 Yes.
 Mum, can I go and help Lily?
 Sure thing.
 Indie.
 I'll keep an eye on him.
 Honey!


Microphone

 Yeah, it's hello.
 Wow.
 I get one?
 Yeah, I do.
 But... Piny ride!
 Excuse me.
 What's that one?
 Hey?
 Her name's Business.
 Aww.
 And what's that one say?
 Bye, baby.
 Aw. I really, really want to write my note.
 Every we ride one this week.


Microphone

 Okay, honey.
 Not you yet.
 Okay, Amy.
 Aw, sorry, honey, but you don't have enough money for two rides.
 Oh, I only want to go if Amy can come.
 It's okay, Bluey.
 Always here.
 I think I changed my mind.
 Well, I you a good friend.
 Yes, honey baby.
 Goodbye
 You're so good.
 Okay, let's go.


Microphone

You're watching this right now because you have to get a manifestation.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are capable of manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 I don't know what you were trying to do.
 I don't know what you were trying to accomplish.
 I don't know that place that you're trying to reach right now.
 Whatever you're going through.
 This has reached you because you will not stop.
 And it's time for you to keep going.


TikTok

 Do not stop.
 what you are trying to accomplish, what you are setting out to do.
 Do not stop.
 It is your time.
 The only thing is now that you must start to manifest.
 And it's time for you to manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 You are worthy, you are the chosen one.
 This has reached you because you have these capabilities.
 The universe has called you.
 The universe has called onto you, upon you.


TikTok

 Are you seeing the numbers 111-222-3333?
 444555, 11, 11, 10, 10.
 All of these numbers are signs.
 All these numbers are signs that you must continue, your journey, you must continue what you are trying to accomplish.
 You are right there.
 You are so close.
 But now you must manifest it.
 This is your son.


TikTok

 This is your time to let you know that you can manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 But I need you to know.
 Do not let negativity, negative thinking, exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let doubt exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let low vibrational thoughts exist in your subconscious.


TikTok

 This is what's stopping you from reaching that goal, that place that you're trying to reach.
 You must, must create positive affirmations and raise your level of vibration in your subconscience.
 This is how you manifest.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 21:38
DATA: Facebook

 Ah, the thing's awesome.
 Test six.
 Curious, George.
 We're actually gonna throw them upside down.
 Just like the song goes.
 Nice, beautiful.
 Oh, he's got some good range.
 Missed the catch.
 Let's try that again.
 Nice.
 Oh, even better.
 Oh, he went way far.
 Got him.
 Curious, little guy.


Facebook

One wing boomerang, two wing boomerang.
 Three wing boomerang, four wing boomerang, five wing boomerang,
This is trench foot, a fish that walks on land solves problems, and can even recognize humans.
 But keeping a pet mud skipper is harder than anyone tells you, and almost no one has ever got them to have babies in captivity.
 So can I do the impossible and raise a family of walking fish?
 This turned into a love story, a survival story, and a story few have managed to tell.


Facebook

 This begins with a mistake I made 150 days ago, and we have a serious problem.
 Trenchfort was once an energetic mud skipper who would hop around her tank.
 But something bad has happened.
 For the past few weeks, she has barely moved from this spot.
 You see, mud skippers require mud, soft enough so they can burrow in it, but durable enough so those burrows won't collapse.
 I was so worried about the burrows collapsing that I added clay, and lots of it. Over time, the clay has become as hard as a rock, stagnant pockets are formed, and the mangroves have outgrown the tank.


Facebook

 What was once Trenchfits home is hurting her.
 Don't worry, little buddy, I got you.
 Trench foot is getting pure mud so she can build a burrow.
 More height, so the mangroves can grow tall and a real tidal system that simulates the exact conditions of her home in nature.
 Fish are not the most expressive animals, but I get a strong feeling she's not happy about being in this box.
 And for the 1st time in weeks, Trenchfurt began to explore her surroundings.


Facebook

 That mud used to be as solid as a rock, but now it's soft and squelchy, exactly what it needs to be, and trench foot's home is fit for a mud skipper.
 But while that 1st problem is behind us, we have a much, much bigger one to solve.
 Every single pet mud skipper in the world is taken from the wild.
 because almost no one has ever bred them in captivity.
 Mud skippers are not one animal.
 There are dozens of species widespread across the world.
 They live in intertidal muddy areas where salt and freshwater meet, and that means that recreating a real mud skipper biome in your home is a very difficult project.


Facebook

 But getting them to have babies is on another realm of difficulty. If nobody cracks captive breeding, they'll keep being taken from the wild.
 But if I can do this in my spare bedroom, maybe things will begin to change.
 It wasn't so long ago, that trench foot was tiny, skinny, and being bullied by a larger mud skipper.
 After the bully was removed, she made a full recovery and is now a healthy and happy adult who is ready to have babies.


Facebook

 But to complete this extraordinarily difficult task, it takes 2 mud skippers, and there is someone very, very special, I would love for you to meet.
 Say hello to Doughboy, a dwarf Indian mud skipper who has a real chance of making history.
 But it's not as simple as just placing him into Trenchford's tank, as we have previously seen, this can end badly, so I need a plan.
 If I make doughboy a nursery tank, beef him up a bit, place the tank next to trench foot so they can see each other.


Facebook

 We should get an idea of how this interaction will go.
 But the very moment I did that, Trench foot did something I have never seen her do before.
 For the first time in her entire life, trench foot fully displayed her dorsal fin, showing that she recognizes Doughboy in his nursery tank. In return, Doughboy loses his mind and jumps up against the glass, and this tells us 2 things.


Facebook

 One, doughboy is a little bit nuts, and two, we might just be on the verge of creating a mud skipper family, but as the tide came in, things went up a gear.
 Now Trenchfoot and I have a little routine. Whenever it's feeding time, she comes to the front of the tank and does an impression of me getting out of a swimming pool.
 But this time, with Doughboy nearby, Trenchfoot took center stage and began to show us why mud skippers are so special.


Facebook

 Maybe it's the pheromones in the air, or maybe it's because I'm one step closer to starting a mud skipper family, but I may be on the verge of capturing something that has never been captured before, but to actually achieve this goal, the mud skippers have to meet, and this is where things took a turn for the worse.
 Two mud skippers meeting can end very badly.
 This is compounded by the fact that trench foot is considerably larger than Doughboy, and the entire mangrove is her territory.


Facebook

 If she does not accept him, she will attack.
 But if she does accept him, we will be one step closer to our goal. After 2 weeks of watching them flirt through the glass, I decided it was time.
 I opened the lid to Doughboy's box, and with the poise and grace of a mud skipper, he hops into the mangrove.
 Could this actually be the moment our mud skippers finally embrace?
 Despite whacking Dobo in the face with her tail, how a mudskipper's fins are vibrant red, signifying that they are aroused.


Facebook

 Trench foot seems keen on doughboy and keeps waddling over to him and displaying her fins.
 But Doughboy is scared of trench foot, and as soon as she realized he wasn't playing ball, her entire demeanor changed.
 The entire land area belongs to Trenchfurt, and poor doughboy is left with a perch on the filter.
 If this is ever going to work, Doughboy needs land so he can build a burrow, but he also needs to be big enough so trench foot doesn't scare him.


Facebook

 And right now, he is losing on every front.
 So I have a plan.
 Trench foot must go.
 For now, so that doughboy can eat without being chased and can claim some land as his own. If he can beef up a bit and build a burrow, things will be back in motion.
 But even the best plans have flaws, and no matter how thorough a plan is, nothing is straightforward with mud skippers.


Facebook

 With trench foot gone, Doughboy's behavior has totally changed, and he is the king of this mud fact.
 And with that, the next phase is about to commence.
 I have taken every step to build my mud skippers a home that will allow them.
As a home, that will allow.
This is the last episode of tanning this deer hide, and I asked you whether I should tan it with the fur on or fur off.
 And the overwhelming majority ruled hair on.


Facebook

 So that's what we're gonna do today.
 Stick around and see how.
 The way this is achieved is by pushing on the hide, stretching it, and allowing the fibers to separate.
 There's a natural glue inside of a hide, and it's in between the fibers.
 So after you add an oil, whether it be brains or eggs, or in my case, bear grease, the glue is trying to stick those fibers together.
 But with the oil in there, when you separate the fibers, the glue can't stop.


Microphone

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 Well, I do like a good juice.
 Now, why have we got in the fridge here for juice?
 What are you?
 Oh,
 Look, look, look, look, look.
 What did that do?
 Banana.
 a banana.


Microphone

 There are money, of course.
 Are you not sure about this?
 mine.
 What pillows.
 I'm fine, what's the number?
 Stop copying me this instant.
 Stop your baby, just instant. No, silly terriers.
 Oi, da, da, like, a, da, wake, chatting, like, a, wake.
 That may be the princess for a second.
 I've got an idea.
 Okay.


Microphone

 Girl strong
 like you.
 Toys always. Chuck them in the croom.
 You've beaten us, my princess.
 Will you need us?
 Real deep there.
 Right, thank you.
 Yay!
 We're here.
 Okay, you will hide, and I'll sleep.
 Go.
 One, two.
 Hang on.
 Hang on a minute.
 Wheel only high, if you promise not to forget you're looking for us.


Microphone

mastering your art skills.


Facebook

Looking to get ready for college this fall, we've got you covered.
 My name is Jessica Gonzalez.
 I'm director of Trio EOC, and outreach at Big.


TikTok

Let me learn how to adapt.
 Let me learn how to see through the fire.
 Ooh, thank you, spirit.
 Because it's this energy of... ramming through it.
 It's like, you sat there so long, and you were in the flame so long, that it's more than learning how to operate in that chaotic destruction.
 You're like, okay, yes, everything is going to shit.
 But watch what I do.


TikTok

 That's supposed to happen and now it's like, you know what?
 Watch what I do with it, though.
 Watch what I do because of it.
 Watch what I do in spite of being dropped in this fiery, destructive ass, chaotic energy place.
 Not one time did you deserve it?
 Not one time were you... allowed to be a victim in that situation?


TikTok

 And I'm sorry for that.
 I'm sorry for that.
 Because you deserve compassion and kindness for where the fuck you were standing inside of that fire, whether you were able to move or not, you deserved compassion and kindness for standing in that motherfucking fire, okay?
 But I need you to know this energy here is like, yeah, everything's about to, everything's about to pay off.
 Like, you didn't stay there and go through and witness all of that for you.


TikTok

 Nothing.
 Again, let me go back to you.
 Did you deserve it?
 Hell, motherfucking no.
 But because of it, you are going to make sure you never see them type of circumstances ever again.
 You feel me?
 And I think you just need to be congratulated and reminded how proud you should be of yourself.
 I am very, very incredibly proud of you because, wow.
 There were so many times you wanted to give up, but you were like,


TikTok

 No, there has to be better.
 I have to see it through.
 I don't even know what I'm fighting for sometimes, but I got to see it through.
 And you literally, it's almost like you paved, uh, paved a whole pathway through, through the, through the fire, like... This shit sounds crazy, but this, I can see it so clearly in my mind, like, you were sitting in the pit for a long time.
 And I think that's a perfect way to describe it.
 But what I'm seeing is.


TikTok

 Right now, you're ready to run full fucking force.
 You've like, I've seen enough.
 I've been through enough in this.
 I have come back to this place in so many different aspects within my mind, within my life, within my habits.
 I am never coming back here again.
 I'm never coming back here again, and that energy right there... is leading you into this rewarding, very, very much so peaceful garden type of energy, but it is the garden that you crafted.


TikTok

 It is the, it came from ashes.
 It is the phoenix that rises.
 It is that energy.
 of the pinnacles that I'm, this is the ten of pinnacles, and those pinnacles, the stability that she's built, she's walking on it.
 It was the new foundation for the land.
 You had to walk up out of the walk yourself, up out of that fiery ass pit of destruction.
 People constantly nagging at you.


TikTok

 People constantly belittering you, throwing shade in the most obvious that they think is subtle ways.
 You have to fight, baby.
 And the fact that you are never going to go back, come on now.
 Come on now.
 And please understand that when you are triggered and when you have challenges, that's not bringing you back.
 It is a reminder of how far you've come.
 It is a reminder of how far you've traveled.
 It is a reminder to imprint back in your brain that pathway that you paved for yourself to get up out of here.


TikTok

 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 And nobody can take this.
 Nobody can drain this from you anymore.
 Nobody can siphon this.
 It just feels like all these things that take, take, take, take.
 Nobody's taking from you anymore.
 555 on the timer.
 That shit is gone.
 We're time, we are turning the tables, turning the new leaf, you feel me?


TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times, a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community where you know you'll be safe.
 You have been safe.


TikTok

 You're learning what safety feels like.
 You're already standing on this ground.
 You already have, like, the coins are overflowing in the back.
 The children are playing in the background. The dog is out there like everybody's at peace.
 And then we have the 401.
 Just, like, it is, it is your, it is your work.
 It is your consistency to approach each challenge with the idea, whether this is the forethought, the afterthought, the subconscious thought, the conscious, whatever it is, you approach every situation with no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


TikTok

 If this ain't the life that I saw and envisioned for myself to live, this can't be the end.
 So I know I'm gonna make it through this.
 And that's the energy you need to have about every fucking thing.
 And the fact that you have held onto that, even through where you started, is why you're, it's 111 PM right now.
 is exactly why you are going to find yourself winning again and again and again in this new place that you have created for your fucking self.
 I'm so fucking proud of you.
 I love you.


TikTok

 I hope this was helpful, go be great.
 And if it hits, send a tip.
 Chosen ones do not play.
 Chosen ones are kind.
 I'm going to start with the positive 1st and this one, we'll get to you.
 Chose ones are diplomatic.
 We know how to de-escalate situation.
 We are people who will at times go above and beyond, very tolerant, right?
 I mean more so than the average person.
 Self-control, all of the above home training.
 Well, Mama told his grandma, whatever you want to call it, right?
 We got all of that.


TikTok

 But with all there comes this this dark side, people not ready for.
 Because I tell you one thing about people like us, people like me, people like you, were kind, we're diplomatic, but we do not play.
 Once you disrespect after I've done all of that, oh, I know something wrong with you.
 That's obvious, because I've already been kind to you.
 I been nice to you.
 You gonna do me like this?
 It's over.
 So we are men and women who do not play.
 Do not take a chosen man and woman's kindness for weakness.
 It is a gift.
 You hear me?
 And once you take that for a weakness and use that person or disrespect them or disregard them, don't be surprised when you hear the footprints.


TikTok

 and they're gone.
 You will lose a good woman.
 You will lose a good man by taking them for granted.
 Stop taking good people for rent, what I'm trying to say.
 When a person is being nice to you, see it as a gift.
 It's not a weakness because they can switch girls on you and you won't know who you're dealing with.
 Collective, if only you knew what you was supposed to be.
 You broke a stigma that was unfairly placed on you. And the thing about this stigma is it was supposed to lead you to a specific outcome.


TikTok

 Right now, somebody is, somebody is in shocking and horror, but somebody is amazed.
 It's like almost, let's say they didn't believe in God, but then there's you.
 You broke past something that broke everybody else that faced it.
 Or what I was getting is, they became comfortable in a dark place.
 A lot of the things that you've been through, people haven't even been through a fraction of it, but it was enough to make them settle in a dark place to get comfortable and to just accept their dark place.


TikTok

 Like if, you know, if they ended up in life fire, there will I just be fired and I'll just be broke and I'll just be a bum and that's it.
 Life is over.
 Like some people have literally decided that the stigma ends them, right?
 But listen to this, though.
 This is what a stigma is.
 A strong, often unfair, negative attitude, belief or social disapproval.
 It's based on perceived differences.
 As I told y'all before, people look at the chosen and be like, man, they they're different.
 So they're wrong.
 You're not wrong.


TikTok

 You're different.
 People have different mindsets, mindsets which create different perceptions of how they see things, how they view things, their experience, shapes, how they see things.
 They haven't had your experiences, baby, and they haven't even, for some of them, come close and those experiences shape them to give up.
 Now, there are some people who watched you go through things they could never even imagine.
 You are being seen as someone who has such a great sense of self and also a great sense of direction collective.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Though, people just seem to be very much so confused about which direction you are going in, why you are going in that direction.
 And what drove you or what motivated you or what is your, what are your whys as to why are you going in the direction that you are going in?
 Because collective everything about you is very much unorthodox.
 The path that you are walking, the things that you are doing that are applicable toward the path that you are walking.


TikTok

 how you are being of service because you already know being of service will serve to be very much so purposeful, not only to be of service to thyself, but especially to be of service to God's source to big cheese, if you please, to do your part in the midst of co-creation.
 You did what I'm saying, baby.
 I am talking about all of your heart.
 And one thing about you, baby boo, is that you are absolutely going to do everything with all your heart because you already know for sure that the way you do anything is absolutely the way that you do every motherfucking me thing.
 You dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 However, you are so imperceptible, so paradoxical that hell, people don't even know how to take you.
 You you aren't the type of person that people can can really recognize too much patterns in.
 The only patterns that people are able to really perceive or really pinpoint about you collective are the patterns of consistency, of discipline.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Of peace and serendipitous, jolly and jovial, good cheer, and you did what I was saying, spread, joy, and cheer to those who have eyes to see and ears to hear.


TikTok

 Hell, even those that, even when they, they, you know, cast aspersions that you should, you don't even cash your pearls upon swine, baby.
 You just knock the motherfucking meat dust up off your feet and you keep that shit pushing. Like it ain't nobody business, baby.
 I'm talking about God as my witness, but you better believe you, motherfucking me.
 A lot of people are bearing witness to this journey that you are on.
 This heroic escapade that you have embarked on, baby.
 And it's making them want to do the same on their own behalf, on their own accord.
 You dig what I'm saying, whatever that looks like for them.
 Who knows?


TikTok

 But either way, they're finding so much resonance with your story, with your passion, with the way that you are walking a path or your motherfucking me purpose, baby.
 And they are able to tell that you have this ironclad confidence in conjunction with ironclad convictions that that just keep you going and keep you keeping on like a motherfucker.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Plus your amplified faith.
 Ooh, for you know for sure that you can absolutely walk through the motherfucking meat valley out of shadow of Death Collective, and never fear any evil, because God sores the big cheese, if you please, is absolutely walking, lock in step with you, I, they, them, and whatever the fuck anybody identifies as.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, but either way, This is why people just see you as so mythical, like a Pegasus or Minotaur.
 You dig what I'm saying, a siren, if you will, which is why people feel so called to you, to your journey.
 They feel as if there is something that is luring them in.
 And then also at the same time, there are those who want to part of a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to share an immediate proximity with you and be on the receiving end of your love and allegiance, Big Pippin, but have since squandered it.


TikTok

 They are very much so in this reminiscent energy, ruminating over past transgressions, ruminating over certain things that they said, certain actions that they took, or the lack thereof.
 And believe you meet collective, they are, they are yearning.
 They are longing for your energy.
 And they would give anything, just for a morsel.
 A ink link, uh, a grunian of your time.
 You dig what I'm saying, collective.
 Because they had the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to really get up close and personal to you and being able to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury to be able to really pick your mind and to, you know, really receive this, this, these gems and jewels and knowledge of free game that you would oftentime just drop casually.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you were always so supportive.
 You were always so encouraging.
 You dig what I'm saying, and that's another reason why people are watching you.
 That's another reason why people are supporting you, encouraging you, because they know for show, without a motherfucking me doubt that you would do the same, that you do do the same.
 You did what I'm saying, especially by way of consistency, by way of consideration.
 Being consistently considerate.
 But either way, collective, and that's why those same people from your past, they they would wish that they could just have a conversation with you.


TikTok

 Just one more.
 Or hell, they would like to try to creep back in because you are so ironclad on your boundaries that they wouldn't dare step near your motherfucking me toe over where you have the line drawn at in the sand.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 But they they want to see if you will bend or if you will break on your boundaries, you know, maybe like you would have done in past times.
 You did what I was saying.
 And not as if that's what they expect you to do.
 However, you have grown so much and they have stayed stagnant for so long that they are still associating you with the old version of yourself that they once knew.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 So it don't even matter if, even if they get further, do a further review from you, from the person that you are now, either way, you could have a conversation with them.
 You could, either way, they're still going to try to associate you with that version of yourself that they once had.
 You did what I'm saying that you once were.
 And because of that, that means that they aren't going to really hold you in consideration.
 Maybe they'll play, act, and, you know, be remorseful and act as if they've turned over a new leaf initially.


TikTok

 But that shit will quickly dissipate after they feel as if they've gained your trust or, you know, your confidence in them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 But one thing about you, collective is that, hell, once motherfuckers do some fraudulent weird ass shit, or you start to feel as if they operating with this weird ass energy, you 86 them.
 You get them gone.
 Or hell, you just get the fuck from around them.
 Sometimes people grow apart.
 It is what it is.
 And hell, you just let bygones be bygones.
 You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Bye.
 Gone
 straight like that.
 And, you know, a lot of people actually respect that.
 Even those who once upon a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking beat luxury of being able to truly share an immediate proximity with you collective.
 They gotta respect it, and they do.
 But... They just, they wish they could get in where they fit in once more, but no more.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Plus, they see, you know, the heights that you are ascending to.
 They see how you are so rooted in purpose and passion.


TikTok

 They see that, um, baby, you well on your way, and you're absolutely making it do what they do in the only way that you can.
 And they know this for show. And they always knew that you were capable.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They just wish that they could be complicit within being able to say that they had something to do with your victories, with your triumphs.
 You did what I'm saying, with your accomplishments, with your accolades.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 especially because now they feel like they're on the wrong side of history.
 And I mean, not in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 They feel like they've squandered something that could have been beautiful, beneficial.
 Oh, well, you dig what I'm saying.
 Shit.
 Fuck them.
 You know, ain't no, you know, no, no ill will, ill intent to them, but fuck them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And really, you just focus on those who have eyes to see you, ears to hear your messages or whatever.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you just let the rest fall in place, how it needs to.


TikTok

 You're not going to try to control or dictate how things play out.
 You are just going to do your part in the process.
 Ah, and then you will ultimately have control how things play out.
 You did what I'm saying, especially when you go about controlling how you go about reacting in any set of circumstances.
 That's another thing that makes you very much so unpredictable and perceptible, paradoxical.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So, yeah, collective, just know for sure, baby, that people see that you're absolutely going up, up, upity.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And there are a lot of people want to cozy up too.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 They want to, you know, reach some type of acquaintanceship and, you know, gain some type of rapport, bit on top of it to see if there is something more.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And, you know, that's all beautiful, nice and hunky-dory and shit.
 And I know you have enough discernment to know as much as such, who is for you, what is for you, who has good intentions for you, who has ill will, who possesses ill will, or any of that shit.
 You do what I'm saying.
 But a lot of people, they want to see my opportunistic.
 You dig what I'm saying, but they want to align themselves with you.


TikTok

 They want to be in alliance with you, because they are able to tell that you are the type of person that should be aligned with, because you are in alignment, and you are on your assignment, baby.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 And that is why you are receiving so much divine favor.
 That's why people look at you like a fucking mythical being, an alien, something celestial, because you are governed by divine law.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You are, you are the pinnacle of, of what it looks like to be or what it is to be enigmatic.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Hmm.
 Baby, you are polarizing, to say the least.
 So, yeah, baby, I love me, so you, baby boo, have a great motherfucking day.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 God bless you.
 Love you, love yours, stay safe, be of service, stay dangerous.
 This message is for you.
 You have 0 clue who you are in the spirit realm.
 And that's not an insult.
 That's the setup.
 You wake up every day thinking that this version of you is the whole story.


TikTok

 Job, phone, problems, bills, expectations, labels that they slapped on you early and never bothered to remove.
 You scroll, you laugh, you survive, you adapt, you tell yourself that this is normal.
 Everybody's tired.
 Everybody's stressed and everybody's confused.
 But deep down, deep, way down.
 You've always known that something doesn't add up.
 Because you don't just feel lost.
 You feel out of place.
 Like you're a high powered machine dropped in to beginner mode.


TikTok

 Like your memory got wiped on purpose.
 Like your soul walked into this life with a blindfold on and instructions were conveniently missing.
 And you keep asking yourself why certain things hit you harder than they should.
 Why justice makes your chest burn, while you can smell fake from a mile away, while solitude feels safer than crowds.
 But you've always felt washed and measured and studied, even when nobody was around.


TikTok

 You think that's anxiety, but they think that's awareness.
 So you don't know who you are in the spiritual realm, but they do.
 And by they, I don't mean some cartoons and villains and rogues.
 I mean, systems, hierarchies, structures, energies, people who read patterns instead of,
 It's people who study lineage and frequency and reaction, pressure, tolerance, and you know, Have you ever noticed how much resistance showed up in your life early?


TikTok

 Like the hits came fast, like too fast.
 Family chaos, sudden losses, betrayals that felt scripted, doors closing for no reason, no logical reason.
 You told yourself that you were unlucky.
 But pressure reveals quality.
 Nobody wastes opposition on someone average.
 Average people
 See, see.
 You got dragged, but still you're here.
 Still thinking and questioning and standing in rooms that you weren't expected to survive entering.


TikTok

 Still not fully controlled, even after everything that they threw at you to to dull your edge.
 And that's the part that you don't know.
 That's the part that you forgot.
 But somebody noticed.
 Because when you returned, when you came back into this world as this version of you, You didn't come empty.
 You came with residue, instincts, reflexes.
 A presence that you can't explain and that other people can't ignore.
 Have you ever said someone somewhere quietly and feel someone across the room, clock you for no reason?


TikTok

 That's not paranoia.
 That's recognition without context.
 See, your spirit knows how to stand even when your mind is unsure.
 You've always felt older than your age, huh?
 You watch people repeat things that you've already outgrown.
 Like trends don't quite hypnotize you.
 Like you can't fully commit to nonsense no matter how hard you try to blend in.
 You tried.
 You tried being normal, but your soul keeps side eyeing the whole operation.


TikTok

 Because you didn't return to forget, not forever.
 You return under constraint, and that's the part that messes with people.
 You don't wake up knowing the truth.
 You wake up sensing it. And flashes and discomfort and that low hum behind your thoughts that says, this isn't all there is.
 In moments where your patience runs out, for the things that everyone else tolerates easily, and in that urge to burn your old self down and rebuild without asking for permission.


TikTok

 They know who you are because they've seen this pattern before, the, the, the, The ones with dangerous depth, the ones who look calm until they're not, the ones whose awakenings don't come as peace, but they come as disruption.
 They know people like you don't move fast, but when you move, Structures wobble.
 And that's why confusion surrounds you.
 Fog is strategic.
 You think it's accidental that you've had to, you've had to piece yourself together with no manual that nobody really ever explained you to yourself.


TikTok

 The guidance only came half clear.
 Because clarity triggers remembrance and remembrance changes posture, imposture, changes power dynamics.
 And some balances are very comfortable the way that they are.
 So you're giving distractions instead.
 Trauma loops, self-doubt, overthinking, labels that lower expectations, voices that tell you to calm down, be realistic, stay in your lane.
 Meanwhile, your spirit keeps pacing like a caged animal.


TikTok

 Checking the bars, waiting for the click that it recognizes.
 And yeah, you don't know who you are in the spirit realm.
 But you feel the weight of it.
 You feel it when you refuse to bow internally.
 Even when you comply externally.
 When you play the game just enough to survive, but never enough to surrender.
 When you laugh with people who don't know you, knowing if you ever show them the real depth, it would scare them.
 When you sense timelines branching, and you realize small decisions feel heavier for you than for others.


TikTok

 That's because your return wasn't casual.
 Some people reincarnate to experience.
 others return to intervene.
 And right now, you're walking around with the, with, with, with the amnesia part of the package thinking that the confusion is the problem.
 Not realizing that it's the cover.
 The delay isn't punishment.
 It's training under pressure.
 It's seasoning.
 It's learning restraint before remembering capacity.


TikTok

 Takes place.
 You don't need to to, listen, they've been watching how you handle disappointment.
 and how you treat power when you don't have it yet.
 How you talk to yourself when nobody's clapping.
 How you respond when the world keeps testing the strength that you didn't constantly or consciously set up to demonstrate.
 Listen family.
 You're very different.
 You're very different.


TikTok

 Very, very different.
 Everybody knows.
 You know it, they know it.
 We all know it.
 So keep going.
 I need you to understand that you need to be aware of people projecting their insecurities onto you in this season, okay?
 Remember this.
 You are a person that are empowered right now, okay?


TikTok

 And you're projecting a lot of empowerment, which that is amazing, okay?
 And you're operating in so much confidence and security.
 All right, that is going to trigger a lot of people in this season that are low vibrational, that are operating in a very low vibrational way.
 and chose to be small minded and not expand their capacity, not expand their nervous system to hold more like you did, okay?
 9.55 on my clock.
 They're going to make you feel, okay, that you're wrong for being successful, that you're wrong for following your dreams, that you are wrong for accomplishing and achieving your goals, okay?


TikTok

 And so just know that you're going to have people that are going to try and do that because you know why?
 Because they couldn't pray or manifest for you to fade in the shadows, to disappear, to just, you know, cease to exist.
 111 on this timestamp, but you're becoming more bolder, more visible and more louder than ever.
 Okay?
 And it's because you have a voice and you have a testimony, a story to tell.
 And just know this.


TikTok

 It's not your fault for accomplishing your goals.
 It's their fault for not trying or allowing themselves to follow their dreams.
 Yo, I ain't gonna lie, let me ask you something.
 Is there anything you can't do?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Like, okay, Mr. Multifacity?
 Like, this is, I could do all things, like, come on now.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 People be thinking you kind of all over the place sometimes.
 Right?
 But they just don't understand.
 You're not uh,
 You're not a worker, you're a creator.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And everything you touch turns to gold, right?
 It isn't a thing you can't do.
 You can do anything you put your mind.
 That's what makes you special.
 Right?
 People are actually excited to see what's next.
 What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 What people call confusion, I call it depth.
 You just don't be deep enough.
 You know what I mean?
 You already told yourself, you refuse to live.
 Clocking in, working a 95.
 Drinking on the weekends, little vacation every 3 to 6 months.
 Retire with you, 65, and then live a little bit of life and that's it.
 Right?
 You already opted out of that long time ago and decided that's not the life for you.
 You know what I mean?


TikTok

 And there's some people that don't understand because that's what they've been conditioned.
 That's the way they've been conditioned to live.
 You know?
 But that's not for you and it's okay.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you're the type of being who would rather suffer in your freedom.
 Then to have stability and conform.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, yeah, you do what's true to your heart and you genuinely get fulfillment from creating.
 Right?
 If you, all you want to do is create.
 And what you've been creating, It's been fantastic, to say the least.


TikTok

 I'm just going to put that out there, right?
 Like, we we're not going to go past that, right?
 The work damn sure speak for itself.
 Damn sure ain't mediocre.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shout out to you.
 They needed you to believe nobody would understand you because isolated people are easier to silence.
 They convinced you that your reaction was the problem.
 That telling the truth would make you look crazy, that asking for help would only prove them right.
 So you stayed quiet.
 You carried it alone, and they counted on that.
 But then you found people who recognized the pattern.


TikTok

 People who heard your story and didn't ask what you did to deserve it.
 People are understood because they had lived it too.
 They counted on your silence.
 They never planned for survivors to find each other.
 You don't have to survive this alone.
 Not anymore.
 Yes, their heart is being softened, their intentions are being refined, and their understanding of love is becoming deeper than it has ever been before.
 God is working on both sides, not just yours.


TikTok

 He is preparing two lives to come together in a way that reflects patience, respect, and genuine care.
 There may be moments when you feel uncertain when your thoughts try to return to old patterns of doubt.
 That is natural, because your heart has experienced things that taught it to be cautious, but this is not the same as what you have known before.
 God does not repeat cycles that brought you pain.
 He breaks those cycles and replaces them with something that brings healing and stability.


TikTok

 As you continue forward, you will begin to notice small signs that confirm what your spirit already feels.
 These signs will not always be dramatic, sometimes they will come in simple moments, in quiet conversations, in the way your heart feels at ease without effort.
 These are the ways God speaks gently, reminding you that you are on the right path without overwhelming you.
 The connection between you and this person is not built on urgency.


TikTok

 It is built on understanding.
 It grows steadily, like something that has been planted carefully and is now beginning to take root.
 This kind of growth does not fade quickly.
 It becomes stronger over time, gaining depth with each passing day.
 There is something important you are learning through this experience.
 You are learning that love does not have to feel unstable to be real.
 It does not have to come with fear to be meaningful.


TikTok

 God's kind of love brings a sense of security that allows you to breathe freely.
 It allows you to be yourself without fear of being misunderstood or rejected.
 Type 1111 if you trust in God.
 There may be people around you who do not understand what is happening.
 They may look at the situation and try to define it based on their own beliefs or expectations.
 But they do not see what God sees.
 They do not feel what he has placed within your heart.


TikTok

 Their perspective is limited, but God's vision is complete.
 You are not called to live according to the opinions of others.
 You are called to walk in alignment with what God has placed within you.
 When he ordains something, it carries a purpose that goes beyond what others can see.
 It is not about proving anything to anyone.
 It is about trusting what has been written for you.
 This person's love for you is not built on surface attraction.


X

Guess who's back?


Microphone

mommy.
 Man, I'm round the pool. Table movement for animals.
 Oh, great.
 Stay back, Snowdrop. But, get out, you three guys.
 I visit is the snow I see you lying around, right?
 Okay, sweet, monkey, sweet. Yes, it.
 Next the lady.
 Tonight


Microphone

 Oh, my.
 Hey, Monkey, fat Butt Pop.
 And get this going.
 Hello, let's go see the cooka box.
 Come along, Snowdrop.
 Wow.
 Mm
 Here's now my granny!
 This episode is cool, granny.
 Thanks, Joe, you picked up some things for dinner, Rita.


Microphone

 What was that? Janet?
 The shop's Cl is free down.
 Potterter?
 I said the show's closed.
 Don't worry about her, love.
 I didn't look who buy me.
 Sorry,
 Where are the things?
 Look, I think it's festival.
 Janet, wake up.
 Just having a nana nap, love?
 I cannot find any bites.
 What have you got there?


Microphone

 Oh, not see.
 Hey, you have to pay for those fees.
 Rita!
 I smell from my baby.
 Hey, sorry, you have to fly properly.
 You know how they do what gries do.
 Gries don't lost.
 They do.


Microphone

 Please come here.
 Oh, you dad ting gone?
 Dad.
 Bingo!
 Oh!
 That was a hard one.
 Dad, Dad.
 Exactly, yes.
 What's that?
 It's first re B be hard.
 Oh, wow.
 He's a building, and his baby's small.
 Oh, this is my dad.
 He's not actually real.
 He's a puppet, he has to find his sister. Okay. Hi, boss.


Microphone

 Nice to meet you.
 Well, let's get you back home and show you around.
 This little piggy went to market, and this little piggy stone...
 Hey, no, I didn't.
 I'm coming too.
 Check this out, we're gone.
 The two fairy with a special sticker on here.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 That's the question.
 Hmm, that is a question.


Microphone

 And question.
 Hey!
 In me.
 box.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 I don't know.
 Can you come and help me?
 Yes.
 Mum, can I go and help Lily?
 Sure thing.
 Indie.
 I'll keep an eye on him.
 Honey!


Microphone

 Yeah, it's hello.
 Wow.
 I get one?
 Yeah, I do.
 But... Piny ride!
 Excuse me.
 What's that one?
 Hey?
 Her name's Business.
 Aww.
 And what's that one say?
 Bye, baby.
 Aw. I really, really want to write my note.
 Every we ride one this week.


Microphone

 Okay, honey.
 Not you yet.
 Okay, Amy.
 Aw, sorry, honey, but you don't have enough money for two rides.
 Oh, I only want to go if Amy can come.
 It's okay, Bluey.
 Always here.
 I think I changed my mind.
 Well, I you a good friend.
 Yes, honey baby.
 Goodbye
 You're so good.
 Okay, let's go.


Microphone

You're watching this right now because you have to get a manifestation.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are capable of manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 I don't know what you were trying to do.
 I don't know what you were trying to accomplish.
 I don't know that place that you're trying to reach right now.
 Whatever you're going through.
 This has reached you because you will not stop.
 And it's time for you to keep going.


TikTok

 Do not stop.
 what you are trying to accomplish, what you are setting out to do.
 Do not stop.
 It is your time.
 The only thing is now that you must start to manifest.
 And it's time for you to manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 You are worthy, you are the chosen one.
 This has reached you because you have these capabilities.
 The universe has called you.
 The universe has called onto you, upon you.


TikTok

 Are you seeing the numbers 111-222-3333?
 444555, 11, 11, 10, 10.
 All of these numbers are signs.
 All these numbers are signs that you must continue, your journey, you must continue what you are trying to accomplish.
 You are right there.
 You are so close.
 But now you must manifest it.
 This is your son.


TikTok

 This is your time to let you know that you can manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 But I need you to know.
 Do not let negativity, negative thinking, exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let doubt exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let low vibrational thoughts exist in your subconscious.


TikTok

 This is what's stopping you from reaching that goal, that place that you're trying to reach.
 You must, must create positive affirmations and raise your level of vibration in your subconscience.
 This is how you manifest.
 You must block out negativity immediately as soon as it hits your subconscious in your brain and you think about it, block it out immediately and replace it with positive affirmations, positive thoughts.


TikTok

 You are worthy of success.
 Say it.
 I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day.
 Say this to yourself.
 I am the master of my destiny.
 You are the master of your destiny. Through faith, thought, and decision you will create an abundance.
 I am the master of my destiny, through faith, thought, and decision I'm creating.
 Some joy.


TikTok

 I will create an abundance of happiness.
 I will create an abundance of love.
 I will create an abundance of opportunity.
 I will create an abundance of success.
 I will create an abundance of appreciation for love, appreciation for life.
 I will create an abundance of generational wealth for me and my family.
 This is what you must replace when you have negative thoughts and you doubt yourself.


TikTok

 This is what you must replace your subconscious.
 Raise your hop, raise your vibrations right now.
 Things are about to change for you because this has reached you and it's time for you to manifest.
 You are the chosen one.
 You have always been chosen.
 But doubt, negativity, negative thinking.
 Doubting yourself.
 This is this is what has been stopping you from reaching that place that you're trying to reach, that goal you are trying to reach.


TikTok

 Replace it with positive affirmations.
 Say, I will persist until I prevail.
 You will persist until you prevail.
 That means nothing will stop you from manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 Once you realize and understand that you are the master of your destiny, and what you create and what you put out, when you become one, when your thoughts become one with the universe.
 You will manifest, you will manifest, and life will turn, turn for the good.


TikTok

 Things will go your way.
 things will start to go your way.
 Keep negative thoughts out of your subconscience and your mind.
 Continue to feed your subconscious with positive affirmations.
 Create abundance.
 You are the master of your destiny.
 You are worthy of success.
 Say I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day and you will create opportunity.
 It is your time, it's time for you to start manifesting whatever it is that your heart desire.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are the chosen one.
 You are the chosen one.
 And it is time to create generational wealth, to bring, create abundance of love, joy, happiness.
 I don't know what you're going through.
 If you're going through depression, manifest, manifest joy, manifest happiness.
 Manifest whatever your heart desire, you are capable of doing this.
 You are the chosen one.


TikTok

 Turn your life around right now.
 Start to manifest.
 You are worthy.
 You are worthy, persistent till you prevailed, do not let nothing stop you and block out negativity, block out doubt, do not doubt yourself no more.
 You are right there.
 You're about to accomplish everything that you set out to accomplish.
 Because you are the chosen one.
 In neuroscience with something called selective attention.
 Your brain is filled.


TikTok

bits of information at every second.
 You only consciously experience a very tiny fraction of that.
 So what determines what gets through?
 If your expectations, your beliefs, your focus.
 So in other words, your brain is what's literally editing reality before you ever even experience it.
 Now, when you really, really think about that, if you're constantly focused on what's missing in your brain, it becomes a machine designed to find more evidence of what is missing.
 Because reality changed because you're filter did.


TikTok

 Spiritually, you hear people say things like what you focus on expands.
 And science proves to us that neuropathways strengthened with repetition.
 again, it's the exact same thing.
 It's just a different language.
 This is exactly why simple things, like a gratitude journal.
 They're not convincing the universe to bless you.
 What it helps you do is reprogram the filter through which you experience reality.
 Once the filter changes, then your decisions change, your opportunities change, your behavior changes, your entire outlook changes, then eventually your reality changes.


TikTok

 And that's not necessarily because things like a gratitude journal are magical, although I believe they are, because your attention is powerful.
 Your attention is magical, and having things like a gratitude journal help direct your attention.
 This manifestation journal is a great journal to get you just focused in with your attention because that will actually change your reality.
 I linked it for you here if you want to check it out and don't forget to follow me for more science and spirituality and all things working with the field so that we can continue to actively change our realities together.


TikTok

 The chosen ones are in contact with extraterrestrial entities.
 This is a quick message.
 From the universe, chosen one.
 As you look back on your life, chosen one, and you look into now, I bet you, you, you know, you're starting to gain more understanding.
 You're starting to gain, um, More knowledge of what you are.


TikTok

 Why you're here?
 You're starting to understand that you are an extraterrestrial origin, consciousness.
 And you're starting to understand that how this works is.
 You know, you're starting to understand that the consciousness is everything, right?
 This body inch physical form.
 You're starting to understand that you incarnated here for a specific person purpose.
 See, you came back to save the world, chosen.
 You came here to save this reality.


TikTok

 You came here to help humankind.
 to help humanity in a different




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 21:41
DATA: Facebook

 But to complete this extraordinarily difficult task, it takes 2 mud skippers, and there is someone very, very special, I would love for you to meet.
 Say hello to Doughboy, a dwarf Indian mud skipper who has a real chance of making history.
 But it's not as simple as just placing him into Trenchford's tank, as we have previously seen, this can end badly, so I need a plan.
 If I make doughboy a nursery tank, beef him up a bit, place the tank next to trench foot so they can see each other.


Facebook

 We should get an idea of how this interaction will go.
 But the very moment I did that, Trench foot did something I have never seen her do before.
 For the first time in her entire life, trench foot fully displayed her dorsal fin, showing that she recognizes Doughboy in his nursery tank. In return, Doughboy loses his mind and jumps up against the glass, and this tells us 2 things.


Facebook

 One, doughboy is a little bit nuts, and two, we might just be on the verge of creating a mud skipper family, but as the tide came in, things went up a gear.
 Now Trenchfoot and I have a little routine. Whenever it's feeding time, she comes to the front of the tank and does an impression of me getting out of a swimming pool.
 But this time, with Doughboy nearby, Trenchfoot took center stage and began to show us why mud skippers are so special.


Facebook

 Maybe it's the pheromones in the air, or maybe it's because I'm one step closer to starting a mud skipper family, but I may be on the verge of capturing something that has never been captured before, but to actually achieve this goal, the mud skippers have to meet, and this is where things took a turn for the worse.
 Two mud skippers meeting can end very badly.
 This is compounded by the fact that trench foot is considerably larger than Doughboy, and the entire mangrove is her territory.


Facebook

 If she does not accept him, she will attack.
 But if she does accept him, we will be one step closer to our goal. After 2 weeks of watching them flirt through the glass, I decided it was time.
 I opened the lid to Doughboy's box, and with the poise and grace of a mud skipper, he hops into the mangrove.
 Could this actually be the moment our mud skippers finally embrace?
 Despite whacking Dobo in the face with her tail, how a mudskipper's fins are vibrant red, signifying that they are aroused.


Facebook

 Trench foot seems keen on doughboy and keeps waddling over to him and displaying her fins.
 But Doughboy is scared of trench foot, and as soon as she realized he wasn't playing ball, her entire demeanor changed.
 The entire land area belongs to Trenchfurt, and poor doughboy is left with a perch on the filter.
 If this is ever going to work, Doughboy needs land so he can build a burrow, but he also needs to be big enough so trench foot doesn't scare him.


Facebook

 And right now, he is losing on every front.
 So I have a plan.
 Trench foot must go.
 For now, so that doughboy can eat without being chased and can claim some land as his own. If he can beef up a bit and build a burrow, things will be back in motion.
 But even the best plans have flaws, and no matter how thorough a plan is, nothing is straightforward with mud skippers.


Facebook

 With trench foot gone, Doughboy's behavior has totally changed, and he is the king of this mud fact.
 And with that, the next phase is about to commence.
 I have taken every step to build my mud skippers a home that will allow them.
As a home, that will allow.
This is the last episode of tanning this deer hide, and I asked you whether I should tan it with the fur on or fur off.
 And the overwhelming majority ruled hair on.


Facebook

 So that's what we're gonna do today.
 Stick around and see how.
 The way this is achieved is by pushing on the hide, stretching it, and allowing the fibers to separate.
 There's a natural glue inside of a hide, and it's in between the fibers.
 So after you add an oil, whether it be brains or eggs, or in my case, bear grease, the glue is trying to stick those fibers together.
 But with the oil in there, when you separate the fibers, the glue can't stop.


Microphone

Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 Well, I do like a good juice.
 Now, why have we got in the fridge here for juice?
 What are you?
 Oh,
 Look, look, look, look, look.
 What did that do?
 Banana.
 a banana.


Microphone

 There are money, of course.
 Are you not sure about this?
 mine.
 What pillows.
 I'm fine, what's the number?
 Stop copying me this instant.
 Stop your baby, just instant. No, silly terriers.
 Oi, da, da, like, a, da, wake, chatting, like, a, wake.
 That may be the princess for a second.
 I've got an idea.
 Okay.


Microphone

 Girl strong
 like you.
 Toys always. Chuck them in the croom.
 You've beaten us, my princess.
 Will you need us?
 Real deep there.
 Right, thank you.
 Yay!
 We're here.
 Okay, you will hide, and I'll sleep.
 Go.
 One, two.
 Hang on.
 Hang on a minute.
 Wheel only high, if you promise not to forget you're looking for us.


Microphone

mastering your art skills.


Facebook

Looking to get ready for college this fall, we've got you covered.
 My name is Jessica Gonzalez.
 I'm director of Trio EOC, and outreach at Big.


TikTok

Let me learn how to adapt.
 Let me learn how to see through the fire.
 Ooh, thank you, spirit.
 Because it's this energy of... ramming through it.
 It's like, you sat there so long, and you were in the flame so long, that it's more than learning how to operate in that chaotic destruction.
 You're like, okay, yes, everything is going to shit.
 But watch what I do.


TikTok

 That's supposed to happen and now it's like, you know what?
 Watch what I do with it, though.
 Watch what I do because of it.
 Watch what I do in spite of being dropped in this fiery, destructive ass, chaotic energy place.
 Not one time did you deserve it?
 Not one time were you... allowed to be a victim in that situation?


TikTok

 And I'm sorry for that.
 I'm sorry for that.
 Because you deserve compassion and kindness for where the fuck you were standing inside of that fire, whether you were able to move or not, you deserved compassion and kindness for standing in that motherfucking fire, okay?
 But I need you to know this energy here is like, yeah, everything's about to, everything's about to pay off.
 Like, you didn't stay there and go through and witness all of that for you.


TikTok

 Nothing.
 Again, let me go back to you.
 Did you deserve it?
 Hell, motherfucking no.
 But because of it, you are going to make sure you never see them type of circumstances ever again.
 You feel me?
 And I think you just need to be congratulated and reminded how proud you should be of yourself.
 I am very, very incredibly proud of you because, wow.
 There were so many times you wanted to give up, but you were like,


TikTok

 No, there has to be better.
 I have to see it through.
 I don't even know what I'm fighting for sometimes, but I got to see it through.
 And you literally, it's almost like you paved, uh, paved a whole pathway through, through the, through the fire, like... This shit sounds crazy, but this, I can see it so clearly in my mind, like, you were sitting in the pit for a long time.
 And I think that's a perfect way to describe it.
 But what I'm seeing is.


TikTok

 Right now, you're ready to run full fucking force.
 You've like, I've seen enough.
 I've been through enough in this.
 I have come back to this place in so many different aspects within my mind, within my life, within my habits.
 I am never coming back here again.
 I'm never coming back here again, and that energy right there... is leading you into this rewarding, very, very much so peaceful garden type of energy, but it is the garden that you crafted.


TikTok

 It is the, it came from ashes.
 It is the phoenix that rises.
 It is that energy.
 of the pinnacles that I'm, this is the ten of pinnacles, and those pinnacles, the stability that she's built, she's walking on it.
 It was the new foundation for the land.
 You had to walk up out of the walk yourself, up out of that fiery ass pit of destruction.
 People constantly nagging at you.


TikTok

 People constantly belittering you, throwing shade in the most obvious that they think is subtle ways.
 You have to fight, baby.
 And the fact that you are never going to go back, come on now.
 Come on now.
 And please understand that when you are triggered and when you have challenges, that's not bringing you back.
 It is a reminder of how far you've come.
 It is a reminder of how far you've traveled.
 It is a reminder to imprint back in your brain that pathway that you paved for yourself to get up out of here.


TikTok

 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 And nobody can take this.
 Nobody can drain this from you anymore.
 Nobody can siphon this.
 It just feels like all these things that take, take, take, take.
 Nobody's taking from you anymore.
 555 on the timer.
 That shit is gone.
 We're time, we are turning the tables, turning the new leaf, you feel me?


TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times, a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community where you know you'll be safe.
 You have been safe.


TikTok

 You're learning what safety feels like.
 You're already standing on this ground.
 You already have, like, the coins are overflowing in the back.
 The children are playing in the background. The dog is out there like everybody's at peace.
 And then we have the 401.
 Just, like, it is, it is your, it is your work.
 It is your consistency to approach each challenge with the idea, whether this is the forethought, the afterthought, the subconscious thought, the conscious, whatever it is, you approach every situation with no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


TikTok

 If this ain't the life that I saw and envisioned for myself to live, this can't be the end.
 So I know I'm gonna make it through this.
 And that's the energy you need to have about every fucking thing.
 And the fact that you have held onto that, even through where you started, is why you're, it's 111 PM right now.
 is exactly why you are going to find yourself winning again and again and again in this new place that you have created for your fucking self.
 I'm so fucking proud of you.
 I love you.


TikTok

 I hope this was helpful, go be great.
 And if it hits, send a tip.
 Chosen ones do not play.
 Chosen ones are kind.
 I'm going to start with the positive 1st and this one, we'll get to you.
 Chose ones are diplomatic.
 We know how to de-escalate situation.
 We are people who will at times go above and beyond, very tolerant, right?
 I mean more so than the average person.
 Self-control, all of the above home training.
 Well, Mama told his grandma, whatever you want to call it, right?
 We got all of that.


TikTok

 But with all there comes this this dark side, people not ready for.
 Because I tell you one thing about people like us, people like me, people like you, were kind, we're diplomatic, but we do not play.
 Once you disrespect after I've done all of that, oh, I know something wrong with you.
 That's obvious, because I've already been kind to you.
 I been nice to you.
 You gonna do me like this?
 It's over.
 So we are men and women who do not play.
 Do not take a chosen man and woman's kindness for weakness.
 It is a gift.
 You hear me?
 And once you take that for a weakness and use that person or disrespect them or disregard them, don't be surprised when you hear the footprints.


TikTok

 and they're gone.
 You will lose a good woman.
 You will lose a good man by taking them for granted.
 Stop taking good people for rent, what I'm trying to say.
 When a person is being nice to you, see it as a gift.
 It's not a weakness because they can switch girls on you and you won't know who you're dealing with.
 Collective, if only you knew what you was supposed to be.
 You broke a stigma that was unfairly placed on you. And the thing about this stigma is it was supposed to lead you to a specific outcome.


TikTok

 Right now, somebody is, somebody is in shocking and horror, but somebody is amazed.
 It's like almost, let's say they didn't believe in God, but then there's you.
 You broke past something that broke everybody else that faced it.
 Or what I was getting is, they became comfortable in a dark place.
 A lot of the things that you've been through, people haven't even been through a fraction of it, but it was enough to make them settle in a dark place to get comfortable and to just accept their dark place.


TikTok

 Like if, you know, if they ended up in life fire, there will I just be fired and I'll just be broke and I'll just be a bum and that's it.
 Life is over.
 Like some people have literally decided that the stigma ends them, right?
 But listen to this, though.
 This is what a stigma is.
 A strong, often unfair, negative attitude, belief or social disapproval.
 It's based on perceived differences.
 As I told y'all before, people look at the chosen and be like, man, they they're different.
 So they're wrong.
 You're not wrong.


TikTok

 You're different.
 People have different mindsets, mindsets which create different perceptions of how they see things, how they view things, their experience, shapes, how they see things.
 They haven't had your experiences, baby, and they haven't even, for some of them, come close and those experiences shape them to give up.
 Now, there are some people who watched you go through things they could never even imagine.
 You are being seen as someone who has such a great sense of self and also a great sense of direction collective.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Though, people just seem to be very much so confused about which direction you are going in, why you are going in that direction.
 And what drove you or what motivated you or what is your, what are your whys as to why are you going in the direction that you are going in?
 Because collective everything about you is very much unorthodox.
 The path that you are walking, the things that you are doing that are applicable toward the path that you are walking.


TikTok

 how you are being of service because you already know being of service will serve to be very much so purposeful, not only to be of service to thyself, but especially to be of service to God's source to big cheese, if you please, to do your part in the midst of co-creation.
 You did what I'm saying, baby.
 I am talking about all of your heart.
 And one thing about you, baby boo, is that you are absolutely going to do everything with all your heart because you already know for sure that the way you do anything is absolutely the way that you do every motherfucking me thing.
 You dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 However, you are so imperceptible, so paradoxical that hell, people don't even know how to take you.
 You you aren't the type of person that people can can really recognize too much patterns in.
 The only patterns that people are able to really perceive or really pinpoint about you collective are the patterns of consistency, of discipline.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Of peace and serendipitous, jolly and jovial, good cheer, and you did what I was saying, spread, joy, and cheer to those who have eyes to see and ears to hear.


TikTok

 Hell, even those that, even when they, they, you know, cast aspersions that you should, you don't even cash your pearls upon swine, baby.
 You just knock the motherfucking meat dust up off your feet and you keep that shit pushing. Like it ain't nobody business, baby.
 I'm talking about God as my witness, but you better believe you, motherfucking me.
 A lot of people are bearing witness to this journey that you are on.
 This heroic escapade that you have embarked on, baby.
 And it's making them want to do the same on their own behalf, on their own accord.
 You dig what I'm saying, whatever that looks like for them.
 Who knows?


TikTok

 But either way, they're finding so much resonance with your story, with your passion, with the way that you are walking a path or your motherfucking me purpose, baby.
 And they are able to tell that you have this ironclad confidence in conjunction with ironclad convictions that that just keep you going and keep you keeping on like a motherfucker.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Plus your amplified faith.
 Ooh, for you know for sure that you can absolutely walk through the motherfucking meat valley out of shadow of Death Collective, and never fear any evil, because God sores the big cheese, if you please, is absolutely walking, lock in step with you, I, they, them, and whatever the fuck anybody identifies as.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, but either way, This is why people just see you as so mythical, like a Pegasus or Minotaur.
 You dig what I'm saying, a siren, if you will, which is why people feel so called to you, to your journey.
 They feel as if there is something that is luring them in.
 And then also at the same time, there are those who want to part of a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to share an immediate proximity with you and be on the receiving end of your love and allegiance, Big Pippin, but have since squandered it.


TikTok

 They are very much so in this reminiscent energy, ruminating over past transgressions, ruminating over certain things that they said, certain actions that they took, or the lack thereof.
 And believe you meet collective, they are, they are yearning.
 They are longing for your energy.
 And they would give anything, just for a morsel.
 A ink link, uh, a grunian of your time.
 You dig what I'm saying, collective.
 Because they had the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to really get up close and personal to you and being able to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury to be able to really pick your mind and to, you know, really receive this, this, these gems and jewels and knowledge of free game that you would oftentime just drop casually.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you were always so supportive.
 You were always so encouraging.
 You dig what I'm saying, and that's another reason why people are watching you.
 That's another reason why people are supporting you, encouraging you, because they know for show, without a motherfucking me doubt that you would do the same, that you do do the same.
 You did what I'm saying, especially by way of consistency, by way of consideration.
 Being consistently considerate.
 But either way, collective, and that's why those same people from your past, they they would wish that they could just have a conversation with you.


TikTok

 Just one more.
 Or hell, they would like to try to creep back in because you are so ironclad on your boundaries that they wouldn't dare step near your motherfucking me toe over where you have the line drawn at in the sand.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 But they they want to see if you will bend or if you will break on your boundaries, you know, maybe like you would have done in past times.
 You did what I was saying.
 And not as if that's what they expect you to do.
 However, you have grown so much and they have stayed stagnant for so long that they are still associating you with the old version of yourself that they once knew.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 So it don't even matter if, even if they get further, do a further review from you, from the person that you are now, either way, you could have a conversation with them.
 You could, either way, they're still going to try to associate you with that version of yourself that they once had.
 You did what I'm saying that you once were.
 And because of that, that means that they aren't going to really hold you in consideration.
 Maybe they'll play, act, and, you know, be remorseful and act as if they've turned over a new leaf initially.


TikTok

 But that shit will quickly dissipate after they feel as if they've gained your trust or, you know, your confidence in them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 But one thing about you, collective is that, hell, once motherfuckers do some fraudulent weird ass shit, or you start to feel as if they operating with this weird ass energy, you 86 them.
 You get them gone.
 Or hell, you just get the fuck from around them.
 Sometimes people grow apart.
 It is what it is.
 And hell, you just let bygones be bygones.
 You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Bye.
 Gone
 straight like that.
 And, you know, a lot of people actually respect that.
 Even those who once upon a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking beat luxury of being able to truly share an immediate proximity with you collective.
 They gotta respect it, and they do.
 But... They just, they wish they could get in where they fit in once more, but no more.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Plus, they see, you know, the heights that you are ascending to.
 They see how you are so rooted in purpose and passion.


TikTok

 They see that, um, baby, you well on your way, and you're absolutely making it do what they do in the only way that you can.
 And they know this for show. And they always knew that you were capable.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They just wish that they could be complicit within being able to say that they had something to do with your victories, with your triumphs.
 You did what I'm saying, with your accomplishments, with your accolades.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 especially because now they feel like they're on the wrong side of history.
 And I mean, not in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 They feel like they've squandered something that could have been beautiful, beneficial.
 Oh, well, you dig what I'm saying.
 Shit.
 Fuck them.
 You know, ain't no, you know, no, no ill will, ill intent to them, but fuck them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And really, you just focus on those who have eyes to see you, ears to hear your messages or whatever.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you just let the rest fall in place, how it needs to.


TikTok

 You're not going to try to control or dictate how things play out.
 You are just going to do your part in the process.
 Ah, and then you will ultimately have control how things play out.
 You did what I'm saying, especially when you go about controlling how you go about reacting in any set of circumstances.
 That's another thing that makes you very much so unpredictable and perceptible, paradoxical.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So, yeah, collective, just know for sure, baby, that people see that you're absolutely going up, up, upity.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And there are a lot of people want to cozy up too.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 They want to, you know, reach some type of acquaintanceship and, you know, gain some type of rapport, bit on top of it to see if there is something more.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And, you know, that's all beautiful, nice and hunky-dory and shit.
 And I know you have enough discernment to know as much as such, who is for you, what is for you, who has good intentions for you, who has ill will, who possesses ill will, or any of that shit.
 You do what I'm saying.
 But a lot of people, they want to see my opportunistic.
 You dig what I'm saying, but they want to align themselves with you.


TikTok

 They want to be in alliance with you, because they are able to tell that you are the type of person that should be aligned with, because you are in alignment, and you are on your assignment, baby.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 And that is why you are receiving so much divine favor.
 That's why people look at you like a fucking mythical being, an alien, something celestial, because you are governed by divine law.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You are, you are the pinnacle of, of what it looks like to be or what it is to be enigmatic.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Hmm.
 Baby, you are polarizing, to say the least.
 So, yeah, baby, I love me, so you, baby boo, have a great motherfucking day.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 God bless you.
 Love you, love yours, stay safe, be of service, stay dangerous.
 This message is for you.
 You have 0 clue who you are in the spirit realm.
 And that's not an insult.
 That's the setup.
 You wake up every day thinking that this version of you is the whole story.


TikTok

 Job, phone, problems, bills, expectations, labels that they slapped on you early and never bothered to remove.
 You scroll, you laugh, you survive, you adapt, you tell yourself that this is normal.
 Everybody's tired.
 Everybody's stressed and everybody's confused.
 But deep down, deep, way down.
 You've always known that something doesn't add up.
 Because you don't just feel lost.
 You feel out of place.
 Like you're a high powered machine dropped in to beginner mode.


TikTok

 Like your memory got wiped on purpose.
 Like your soul walked into this life with a blindfold on and instructions were conveniently missing.
 And you keep asking yourself why certain things hit you harder than they should.
 Why justice makes your chest burn, while you can smell fake from a mile away, while solitude feels safer than crowds.
 But you've always felt washed and measured and studied, even when nobody was around.


TikTok

 You think that's anxiety, but they think that's awareness.
 So you don't know who you are in the spiritual realm, but they do.
 And by they, I don't mean some cartoons and villains and rogues.
 I mean, systems, hierarchies, structures, energies, people who read patterns instead of,
 It's people who study lineage and frequency and reaction, pressure, tolerance, and you know, Have you ever noticed how much resistance showed up in your life early?


TikTok

 Like the hits came fast, like too fast.
 Family chaos, sudden losses, betrayals that felt scripted, doors closing for no reason, no logical reason.
 You told yourself that you were unlucky.
 But pressure reveals quality.
 Nobody wastes opposition on someone average.
 Average people
 See, see.
 You got dragged, but still you're here.
 Still thinking and questioning and standing in rooms that you weren't expected to survive entering.


TikTok

 Still not fully controlled, even after everything that they threw at you to to dull your edge.
 And that's the part that you don't know.
 That's the part that you forgot.
 But somebody noticed.
 Because when you returned, when you came back into this world as this version of you, You didn't come empty.
 You came with residue, instincts, reflexes.
 A presence that you can't explain and that other people can't ignore.
 Have you ever said someone somewhere quietly and feel someone across the room, clock you for no reason?


TikTok

 That's not paranoia.
 That's recognition without context.
 See, your spirit knows how to stand even when your mind is unsure.
 You've always felt older than your age, huh?
 You watch people repeat things that you've already outgrown.
 Like trends don't quite hypnotize you.
 Like you can't fully commit to nonsense no matter how hard you try to blend in.
 You tried.
 You tried being normal, but your soul keeps side eyeing the whole operation.


TikTok

 Because you didn't return to forget, not forever.
 You return under constraint, and that's the part that messes with people.
 You don't wake up knowing the truth.
 You wake up sensing it. And flashes and discomfort and that low hum behind your thoughts that says, this isn't all there is.
 In moments where your patience runs out, for the things that everyone else tolerates easily, and in that urge to burn your old self down and rebuild without asking for permission.


TikTok

 They know who you are because they've seen this pattern before, the, the, the, The ones with dangerous depth, the ones who look calm until they're not, the ones whose awakenings don't come as peace, but they come as disruption.
 They know people like you don't move fast, but when you move, Structures wobble.
 And that's why confusion surrounds you.
 Fog is strategic.
 You think it's accidental that you've had to, you've had to piece yourself together with no manual that nobody really ever explained you to yourself.


TikTok

 The guidance only came half clear.
 Because clarity triggers remembrance and remembrance changes posture, imposture, changes power dynamics.
 And some balances are very comfortable the way that they are.
 So you're giving distractions instead.
 Trauma loops, self-doubt, overthinking, labels that lower expectations, voices that tell you to calm down, be realistic, stay in your lane.
 Meanwhile, your spirit keeps pacing like a caged animal.


TikTok

 Checking the bars, waiting for the click that it recognizes.
 And yeah, you don't know who you are in the spirit realm.
 But you feel the weight of it.
 You feel it when you refuse to bow internally.
 Even when you comply externally.
 When you play the game just enough to survive, but never enough to surrender.
 When you laugh with people who don't know you, knowing if you ever show them the real depth, it would scare them.
 When you sense timelines branching, and you realize small decisions feel heavier for you than for others.


TikTok

 That's because your return wasn't casual.
 Some people reincarnate to experience.
 others return to intervene.
 And right now, you're walking around with the, with, with, with the amnesia part of the package thinking that the confusion is the problem.
 Not realizing that it's the cover.
 The delay isn't punishment.
 It's training under pressure.
 It's seasoning.
 It's learning restraint before remembering capacity.


TikTok

 Takes place.
 You don't need to to, listen, they've been watching how you handle disappointment.
 and how you treat power when you don't have it yet.
 How you talk to yourself when nobody's clapping.
 How you respond when the world keeps testing the strength that you didn't constantly or consciously set up to demonstrate.
 Listen family.
 You're very different.
 You're very different.


TikTok

 Very, very different.
 Everybody knows.
 You know it, they know it.
 We all know it.
 So keep going.
 I need you to understand that you need to be aware of people projecting their insecurities onto you in this season, okay?
 Remember this.
 You are a person that are empowered right now, okay?


TikTok

 And you're projecting a lot of empowerment, which that is amazing, okay?
 And you're operating in so much confidence and security.
 All right, that is going to trigger a lot of people in this season that are low vibrational, that are operating in a very low vibrational way.
 and chose to be small minded and not expand their capacity, not expand their nervous system to hold more like you did, okay?
 9.55 on my clock.
 They're going to make you feel, okay, that you're wrong for being successful, that you're wrong for following your dreams, that you are wrong for accomplishing and achieving your goals, okay?


TikTok

 And so just know that you're going to have people that are going to try and do that because you know why?
 Because they couldn't pray or manifest for you to fade in the shadows, to disappear, to just, you know, cease to exist.
 111 on this timestamp, but you're becoming more bolder, more visible and more louder than ever.
 Okay?
 And it's because you have a voice and you have a testimony, a story to tell.
 And just know this.


TikTok

 It's not your fault for accomplishing your goals.
 It's their fault for not trying or allowing themselves to follow their dreams.
 Yo, I ain't gonna lie, let me ask you something.
 Is there anything you can't do?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Like, okay, Mr. Multifacity?
 Like, this is, I could do all things, like, come on now.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 People be thinking you kind of all over the place sometimes.
 Right?
 But they just don't understand.
 You're not uh,
 You're not a worker, you're a creator.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And everything you touch turns to gold, right?
 It isn't a thing you can't do.
 You can do anything you put your mind.
 That's what makes you special.
 Right?
 People are actually excited to see what's next.
 What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 What people call confusion, I call it depth.
 You just don't be deep enough.
 You know what I mean?
 You already told yourself, you refuse to live.
 Clocking in, working a 95.
 Drinking on the weekends, little vacation every 3 to 6 months.
 Retire with you, 65, and then live a little bit of life and that's it.
 Right?
 You already opted out of that long time ago and decided that's not the life for you.
 You know what I mean?


TikTok

 And there's some people that don't understand because that's what they've been conditioned.
 That's the way they've been conditioned to live.
 You know?
 But that's not for you and it's okay.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you're the type of being who would rather suffer in your freedom.
 Then to have stability and conform.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, yeah, you do what's true to your heart and you genuinely get fulfillment from creating.
 Right?
 If you, all you want to do is create.
 And what you've been creating, It's been fantastic, to say the least.


TikTok

 I'm just going to put that out there, right?
 Like, we we're not going to go past that, right?
 The work damn sure speak for itself.
 Damn sure ain't mediocre.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shout out to you.
 They needed you to believe nobody would understand you because isolated people are easier to silence.
 They convinced you that your reaction was the problem.
 That telling the truth would make you look crazy, that asking for help would only prove them right.
 So you stayed quiet.
 You carried it alone, and they counted on that.
 But then you found people who recognized the pattern.


TikTok

 People who heard your story and didn't ask what you did to deserve it.
 People are understood because they had lived it too.
 They counted on your silence.
 They never planned for survivors to find each other.
 You don't have to survive this alone.
 Not anymore.
 Yes, their heart is being softened, their intentions are being refined, and their understanding of love is becoming deeper than it has ever been before.
 God is working on both sides, not just yours.


TikTok

 He is preparing two lives to come together in a way that reflects patience, respect, and genuine care.
 There may be moments when you feel uncertain when your thoughts try to return to old patterns of doubt.
 That is natural, because your heart has experienced things that taught it to be cautious, but this is not the same as what you have known before.
 God does not repeat cycles that brought you pain.
 He breaks those cycles and replaces them with something that brings healing and stability.


TikTok

 As you continue forward, you will begin to notice small signs that confirm what your spirit already feels.
 These signs will not always be dramatic, sometimes they will come in simple moments, in quiet conversations, in the way your heart feels at ease without effort.
 These are the ways God speaks gently, reminding you that you are on the right path without overwhelming you.
 The connection between you and this person is not built on urgency.


TikTok

 It is built on understanding.
 It grows steadily, like something that has been planted carefully and is now beginning to take root.
 This kind of growth does not fade quickly.
 It becomes stronger over time, gaining depth with each passing day.
 There is something important you are learning through this experience.
 You are learning that love does not have to feel unstable to be real.
 It does not have to come with fear to be meaningful.


TikTok

 God's kind of love brings a sense of security that allows you to breathe freely.
 It allows you to be yourself without fear of being misunderstood or rejected.
 Type 1111 if you trust in God.
 There may be people around you who do not understand what is happening.
 They may look at the situation and try to define it based on their own beliefs or expectations.
 But they do not see what God sees.
 They do not feel what he has placed within your heart.


TikTok

 Their perspective is limited, but God's vision is complete.
 You are not called to live according to the opinions of others.
 You are called to walk in alignment with what God has placed within you.
 When he ordains something, it carries a purpose that goes beyond what others can see.
 It is not about proving anything to anyone.
 It is about trusting what has been written for you.
 This person's love for you is not built on surface attraction.


X

Guess who's back?


Microphone

mommy.
 Man, I'm round the pool. Table movement for animals.
 Oh, great.
 Stay back, Snowdrop. But, get out, you three guys.
 I visit is the snow I see you lying around, right?
 Okay, sweet, monkey, sweet. Yes, it.
 Next the lady.
 Tonight


Microphone

 Oh, my.
 Hey, Monkey, fat Butt Pop.
 And get this going.
 Hello, let's go see the cooka box.
 Come along, Snowdrop.
 Wow.
 Mm
 Here's now my granny!
 This episode is cool, granny.
 Thanks, Joe, you picked up some things for dinner, Rita.


Microphone

 What was that? Janet?
 The shop's Cl is free down.
 Potterter?
 I said the show's closed.
 Don't worry about her, love.
 I didn't look who buy me.
 Sorry,
 Where are the things?
 Look, I think it's festival.
 Janet, wake up.
 Just having a nana nap, love?
 I cannot find any bites.
 What have you got there?


Microphone

 Oh, not see.
 Hey, you have to pay for those fees.
 Rita!
 I smell from my baby.
 Hey, sorry, you have to fly properly.
 You know how they do what gries do.
 Gries don't lost.
 They do.


Microphone

 Please come here.
 Oh, you dad ting gone?
 Dad.
 Bingo!
 Oh!
 That was a hard one.
 Dad, Dad.
 Exactly, yes.
 What's that?
 It's first re B be hard.
 Oh, wow.
 He's a building, and his baby's small.
 Oh, this is my dad.
 He's not actually real.
 He's a puppet, he has to find his sister. Okay. Hi, boss.


Microphone

 Nice to meet you.
 Well, let's get you back home and show you around.
 This little piggy went to market, and this little piggy stone...
 Hey, no, I didn't.
 I'm coming too.
 Check this out, we're gone.
 The two fairy with a special sticker on here.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 That's the question.
 Hmm, that is a question.


Microphone

 And question.
 Hey!
 In me.
 box.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 I don't know.
 Can you come and help me?
 Yes.
 Mum, can I go and help Lily?
 Sure thing.
 Indie.
 I'll keep an eye on him.
 Honey!


Microphone

 Yeah, it's hello.
 Wow.
 I get one?
 Yeah, I do.
 But... Piny ride!
 Excuse me.
 What's that one?
 Hey?
 Her name's Business.
 Aww.
 And what's that one say?
 Bye, baby.
 Aw. I really, really want to write my note.
 Every we ride one this week.


Microphone

 Okay, honey.
 Not you yet.
 Okay, Amy.
 Aw, sorry, honey, but you don't have enough money for two rides.
 Oh, I only want to go if Amy can come.
 It's okay, Bluey.
 Always here.
 I think I changed my mind.
 Well, I you a good friend.
 Yes, honey baby.
 Goodbye
 You're so good.
 Okay, let's go.


Microphone

You're watching this right now because you have to get a manifestation.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are capable of manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 I don't know what you were trying to do.
 I don't know what you were trying to accomplish.
 I don't know that place that you're trying to reach right now.
 Whatever you're going through.
 This has reached you because you will not stop.
 And it's time for you to keep going.


TikTok

 Do not stop.
 what you are trying to accomplish, what you are setting out to do.
 Do not stop.
 It is your time.
 The only thing is now that you must start to manifest.
 And it's time for you to manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 You are worthy, you are the chosen one.
 This has reached you because you have these capabilities.
 The universe has called you.
 The universe has called onto you, upon you.


TikTok

 Are you seeing the numbers 111-222-3333?
 444555, 11, 11, 10, 10.
 All of these numbers are signs.
 All these numbers are signs that you must continue, your journey, you must continue what you are trying to accomplish.
 You are right there.
 You are so close.
 But now you must manifest it.
 This is your son.


TikTok

 This is your time to let you know that you can manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 But I need you to know.
 Do not let negativity, negative thinking, exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let doubt exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let low vibrational thoughts exist in your subconscious.


TikTok

 This is what's stopping you from reaching that goal, that place that you're trying to reach.
 You must, must create positive affirmations and raise your level of vibration in your subconscience.
 This is how you manifest.
 You must block out negativity immediately as soon as it hits your subconscious in your brain and you think about it, block it out immediately and replace it with positive affirmations, positive thoughts.


TikTok

 You are worthy of success.
 Say it.
 I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day.
 Say this to yourself.
 I am the master of my destiny.
 You are the master of your destiny. Through faith, thought, and decision you will create an abundance.
 I am the master of my destiny, through faith, thought, and decision I'm creating.
 Some joy.


TikTok

 I will create an abundance of happiness.
 I will create an abundance of love.
 I will create an abundance of opportunity.
 I will create an abundance of success.
 I will create an abundance of appreciation for love, appreciation for life.
 I will create an abundance of generational wealth for me and my family.
 This is what you must replace when you have negative thoughts and you doubt yourself.


TikTok

 This is what you must replace your subconscious.
 Raise your hop, raise your vibrations right now.
 Things are about to change for you because this has reached you and it's time for you to manifest.
 You are the chosen one.
 You have always been chosen.
 But doubt, negativity, negative thinking.
 Doubting yourself.
 This is this is what has been stopping you from reaching that place that you're trying to reach, that goal you are trying to reach.


TikTok

 Replace it with positive affirmations.
 Say, I will persist until I prevail.
 You will persist until you prevail.
 That means nothing will stop you from manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 Once you realize and understand that you are the master of your destiny, and what you create and what you put out, when you become one, when your thoughts become one with the universe.
 You will manifest, you will manifest, and life will turn, turn for the good.


TikTok

 Things will go your way.
 things will start to go your way.
 Keep negative thoughts out of your subconscience and your mind.
 Continue to feed your subconscious with positive affirmations.
 Create abundance.
 You are the master of your destiny.
 You are worthy of success.
 Say I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day and you will create opportunity.
 It is your time, it's time for you to start manifesting whatever it is that your heart desire.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are the chosen one.
 You are the chosen one.
 And it is time to create generational wealth, to bring, create abundance of love, joy, happiness.
 I don't know what you're going through.
 If you're going through depression, manifest, manifest joy, manifest happiness.
 Manifest whatever your heart desire, you are capable of doing this.
 You are the chosen one.


TikTok

 Turn your life around right now.
 Start to manifest.
 You are worthy.
 You are worthy, persistent till you prevailed, do not let nothing stop you and block out negativity, block out doubt, do not doubt yourself no more.
 You are right there.
 You're about to accomplish everything that you set out to accomplish.
 Because you are the chosen one.
 In neuroscience with something called selective attention.
 Your brain is filled.


TikTok

bits of information at every second.
 You only consciously experience a very tiny fraction of that.
 So what determines what gets through?
 If your expectations, your beliefs, your focus.
 So in other words, your brain is what's literally editing reality before you ever even experience it.
 Now, when you really, really think about that, if you're constantly focused on what's missing in your brain, it becomes a machine designed to find more evidence of what is missing.
 Because reality changed because you're filter did.


TikTok

 Spiritually, you hear people say things like what you focus on expands.
 And science proves to us that neuropathways strengthened with repetition.
 again, it's the exact same thing.
 It's just a different language.
 This is exactly why simple things, like a gratitude journal.
 They're not convincing the universe to bless you.
 What it helps you do is reprogram the filter through which you experience reality.
 Once the filter changes, then your decisions change, your opportunities change, your behavior changes, your entire outlook changes, then eventually your reality changes.


TikTok

 And that's not necessarily because things like a gratitude journal are magical, although I believe they are, because your attention is powerful.
 Your attention is magical, and having things like a gratitude journal help direct your attention.
 This manifestation journal is a great journal to get you just focused in with your attention because that will actually change your reality.
 I linked it for you here if you want to check it out and don't forget to follow me for more science and spirituality and all things working with the field so that we can continue to actively change our realities together.


TikTok

 The chosen ones are in contact with extraterrestrial entities.
 This is a quick message.
 From the universe, chosen one.
 As you look back on your life, chosen one, and you look into now, I bet you, you, you know, you're starting to gain more understanding.
 You're starting to gain, um, More knowledge of what you are.


TikTok

 Why you're here?
 You're starting to understand that you are an extraterrestrial origin, consciousness.
 And you're starting to understand that how this works is.
 You know, you're starting to understand that the consciousness is everything, right?
 This body inch physical form.
 You're starting to understand that you incarnated here for a specific person purpose.
 See, you came back to save the world, chosen.
 You came here to save this reality.


TikTok

 You came here to help humankind.
 to help humanity in a different type of way.
 And this is why you've been under heavy attack by these people or these entities who wish to keep humanity in bondage.
 And you came here as someone to help lift the consciousness and not only that, um, and this message is for, The chosen who are the reminders, the ones who are actively getting online, putting out these, uh, uh, downloads and it's 1000000s and 1000000s of people doing this.


TikTok

 I don't care if you got a big following.
 I don't care if 20 people watching shit.
 It doesn't matter.
 And if you are someone who has these downloads or resonate and you're not, and you're not, um, or resonates with this message and you're not doing your part, bro.
 Get on the internet and start speaking your truth.
 Like, I really encourage and recommend that if you are some spiritual person and there are things and downloads that are coming to you on a daily basis, you're having these realizations about life, about a lot of shit.


TikTok

 Please do your part and share it online, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, fucking YouTube, whatever.
 Twitch, kick.
 I don't give a fuck.
 I need to see you guys doing this and I'm encouraging you to do it because this is why you came here.
 Chosen one.
 This message is for anyone who can resonate.
 You're in contact with extraterrestrial beings.


TikTok

 And you have always been in contact with these extraterrestrial beings.
 Your whole freaking life, because you are an extraterrestrial.
 Now, a lot of times when we say you're in contact with extraterrestrial beings, people will start to think that I'm saying that, you know, green ain't men done came down and nah, man, it's a mind thing.
 See, some of you have this orb when you close your eyes and this ain't going to be for everybody.


TikTok

 everybody ain't got this.
 But to the ones that do, you ain't got to leave it in the comments.
 I mean, you can, if you ain't scared, if you say, man, I got the orb, whatever, whatever.
 But we understand that, you know, they monitor this shit.
 They monitor my content.
 They read the comments, and it's why I encourage you guys.
 Yo, I'm gonna say this again.
 If you want to link in with me, if you really want to talk to Jay, It does cost $75.
 It is an energy shade, but if you want to tap in with me, you want to get your story out there, you want to get close and personal, you want to get my contact.


TikTok

 You want to just be able to link in with me?
 Pay the fee, tap in.
 75, we on FaceTime.
 We chop it up for, you know, I don't even really put a time on this thing.
 At least 30 minutes.
 Right?
 But tap in, get the call, man.
 If that's something you want to do.
 Remember, we are in the Matrix.
 I do need to eat just like you.
 We all got bills.
 I know there's this bullshit about, oh, you're spiritual.
 You shouldn't, you should be homeless.
 You shouldn't get paid.
 Right.
 But I ain't on that.


TikTok

 Fuck what these niggas talking about.
 We understand in the Matrix, everything costs.
 You want to tap in, tap in?
 Now, You've been in contact with extraterrestrial your whole life.
 And I'm going to show you ways that they contact you




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 21:47
DATA: Microphone

 Girl strong
 like you.
 Toys always. Chuck them in the croom.
 You've beaten us, my princess.
 Will you need us?
 Real deep there.
 Right, thank you.
 Yay!
 We're here.
 Okay, you will hide, and I'll sleep.
 Go.
 One, two.
 Hang on.
 Hang on a minute.
 Wheel only high, if you promise not to forget you're looking for us.


Microphone

mastering your art skills.


Facebook

Looking to get ready for college this fall, we've got you covered.
 My name is Jessica Gonzalez.
 I'm director of Trio EOC, and outreach at Big.


TikTok

Let me learn how to adapt.
 Let me learn how to see through the fire.
 Ooh, thank you, spirit.
 Because it's this energy of... ramming through it.
 It's like, you sat there so long, and you were in the flame so long, that it's more than learning how to operate in that chaotic destruction.
 You're like, okay, yes, everything is going to shit.
 But watch what I do.


TikTok

 That's supposed to happen and now it's like, you know what?
 Watch what I do with it, though.
 Watch what I do because of it.
 Watch what I do in spite of being dropped in this fiery, destructive ass, chaotic energy place.
 Not one time did you deserve it?
 Not one time were you... allowed to be a victim in that situation?


TikTok

 And I'm sorry for that.
 I'm sorry for that.
 Because you deserve compassion and kindness for where the fuck you were standing inside of that fire, whether you were able to move or not, you deserved compassion and kindness for standing in that motherfucking fire, okay?
 But I need you to know this energy here is like, yeah, everything's about to, everything's about to pay off.
 Like, you didn't stay there and go through and witness all of that for you.


TikTok

 Nothing.
 Again, let me go back to you.
 Did you deserve it?
 Hell, motherfucking no.
 But because of it, you are going to make sure you never see them type of circumstances ever again.
 You feel me?
 And I think you just need to be congratulated and reminded how proud you should be of yourself.
 I am very, very incredibly proud of you because, wow.
 There were so many times you wanted to give up, but you were like,


TikTok

 No, there has to be better.
 I have to see it through.
 I don't even know what I'm fighting for sometimes, but I got to see it through.
 And you literally, it's almost like you paved, uh, paved a whole pathway through, through the, through the fire, like... This shit sounds crazy, but this, I can see it so clearly in my mind, like, you were sitting in the pit for a long time.
 And I think that's a perfect way to describe it.
 But what I'm seeing is.


TikTok

 Right now, you're ready to run full fucking force.
 You've like, I've seen enough.
 I've been through enough in this.
 I have come back to this place in so many different aspects within my mind, within my life, within my habits.
 I am never coming back here again.
 I'm never coming back here again, and that energy right there... is leading you into this rewarding, very, very much so peaceful garden type of energy, but it is the garden that you crafted.


TikTok

 It is the, it came from ashes.
 It is the phoenix that rises.
 It is that energy.
 of the pinnacles that I'm, this is the ten of pinnacles, and those pinnacles, the stability that she's built, she's walking on it.
 It was the new foundation for the land.
 You had to walk up out of the walk yourself, up out of that fiery ass pit of destruction.
 People constantly nagging at you.


TikTok

 People constantly belittering you, throwing shade in the most obvious that they think is subtle ways.
 You have to fight, baby.
 And the fact that you are never going to go back, come on now.
 Come on now.
 And please understand that when you are triggered and when you have challenges, that's not bringing you back.
 It is a reminder of how far you've come.
 It is a reminder of how far you've traveled.
 It is a reminder to imprint back in your brain that pathway that you paved for yourself to get up out of here.


TikTok

 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 And nobody can take this.
 Nobody can drain this from you anymore.
 Nobody can siphon this.
 It just feels like all these things that take, take, take, take.
 Nobody's taking from you anymore.
 555 on the timer.
 That shit is gone.
 We're time, we are turning the tables, turning the new leaf, you feel me?


TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times, a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community where you know you'll be safe.
 You have been safe.


TikTok

 You're learning what safety feels like.
 You're already standing on this ground.
 You already have, like, the coins are overflowing in the back.
 The children are playing in the background. The dog is out there like everybody's at peace.
 And then we have the 401.
 Just, like, it is, it is your, it is your work.
 It is your consistency to approach each challenge with the idea, whether this is the forethought, the afterthought, the subconscious thought, the conscious, whatever it is, you approach every situation with no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


TikTok

 If this ain't the life that I saw and envisioned for myself to live, this can't be the end.
 So I know I'm gonna make it through this.
 And that's the energy you need to have about every fucking thing.
 And the fact that you have held onto that, even through where you started, is why you're, it's 111 PM right now.
 is exactly why you are going to find yourself winning again and again and again in this new place that you have created for your fucking self.
 I'm so fucking proud of you.
 I love you.


TikTok

 I hope this was helpful, go be great.
 And if it hits, send a tip.
 Chosen ones do not play.
 Chosen ones are kind.
 I'm going to start with the positive 1st and this one, we'll get to you.
 Chose ones are diplomatic.
 We know how to de-escalate situation.
 We are people who will at times go above and beyond, very tolerant, right?
 I mean more so than the average person.
 Self-control, all of the above home training.
 Well, Mama told his grandma, whatever you want to call it, right?
 We got all of that.


TikTok

 But with all there comes this this dark side, people not ready for.
 Because I tell you one thing about people like us, people like me, people like you, were kind, we're diplomatic, but we do not play.
 Once you disrespect after I've done all of that, oh, I know something wrong with you.
 That's obvious, because I've already been kind to you.
 I been nice to you.
 You gonna do me like this?
 It's over.
 So we are men and women who do not play.
 Do not take a chosen man and woman's kindness for weakness.
 It is a gift.
 You hear me?
 And once you take that for a weakness and use that person or disrespect them or disregard them, don't be surprised when you hear the footprints.


TikTok

 and they're gone.
 You will lose a good woman.
 You will lose a good man by taking them for granted.
 Stop taking good people for rent, what I'm trying to say.
 When a person is being nice to you, see it as a gift.
 It's not a weakness because they can switch girls on you and you won't know who you're dealing with.
 Collective, if only you knew what you was supposed to be.
 You broke a stigma that was unfairly placed on you. And the thing about this stigma is it was supposed to lead you to a specific outcome.


TikTok

 Right now, somebody is, somebody is in shocking and horror, but somebody is amazed.
 It's like almost, let's say they didn't believe in God, but then there's you.
 You broke past something that broke everybody else that faced it.
 Or what I was getting is, they became comfortable in a dark place.
 A lot of the things that you've been through, people haven't even been through a fraction of it, but it was enough to make them settle in a dark place to get comfortable and to just accept their dark place.


TikTok

 Like if, you know, if they ended up in life fire, there will I just be fired and I'll just be broke and I'll just be a bum and that's it.
 Life is over.
 Like some people have literally decided that the stigma ends them, right?
 But listen to this, though.
 This is what a stigma is.
 A strong, often unfair, negative attitude, belief or social disapproval.
 It's based on perceived differences.
 As I told y'all before, people look at the chosen and be like, man, they they're different.
 So they're wrong.
 You're not wrong.


TikTok

 You're different.
 People have different mindsets, mindsets which create different perceptions of how they see things, how they view things, their experience, shapes, how they see things.
 They haven't had your experiences, baby, and they haven't even, for some of them, come close and those experiences shape them to give up.
 Now, there are some people who watched you go through things they could never even imagine.
 You are being seen as someone who has such a great sense of self and also a great sense of direction collective.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Though, people just seem to be very much so confused about which direction you are going in, why you are going in that direction.
 And what drove you or what motivated you or what is your, what are your whys as to why are you going in the direction that you are going in?
 Because collective everything about you is very much unorthodox.
 The path that you are walking, the things that you are doing that are applicable toward the path that you are walking.


TikTok

 how you are being of service because you already know being of service will serve to be very much so purposeful, not only to be of service to thyself, but especially to be of service to God's source to big cheese, if you please, to do your part in the midst of co-creation.
 You did what I'm saying, baby.
 I am talking about all of your heart.
 And one thing about you, baby boo, is that you are absolutely going to do everything with all your heart because you already know for sure that the way you do anything is absolutely the way that you do every motherfucking me thing.
 You dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 However, you are so imperceptible, so paradoxical that hell, people don't even know how to take you.
 You you aren't the type of person that people can can really recognize too much patterns in.
 The only patterns that people are able to really perceive or really pinpoint about you collective are the patterns of consistency, of discipline.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Of peace and serendipitous, jolly and jovial, good cheer, and you did what I was saying, spread, joy, and cheer to those who have eyes to see and ears to hear.


TikTok

 Hell, even those that, even when they, they, you know, cast aspersions that you should, you don't even cash your pearls upon swine, baby.
 You just knock the motherfucking meat dust up off your feet and you keep that shit pushing. Like it ain't nobody business, baby.
 I'm talking about God as my witness, but you better believe you, motherfucking me.
 A lot of people are bearing witness to this journey that you are on.
 This heroic escapade that you have embarked on, baby.
 And it's making them want to do the same on their own behalf, on their own accord.
 You dig what I'm saying, whatever that looks like for them.
 Who knows?


TikTok

 But either way, they're finding so much resonance with your story, with your passion, with the way that you are walking a path or your motherfucking me purpose, baby.
 And they are able to tell that you have this ironclad confidence in conjunction with ironclad convictions that that just keep you going and keep you keeping on like a motherfucker.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Plus your amplified faith.
 Ooh, for you know for sure that you can absolutely walk through the motherfucking meat valley out of shadow of Death Collective, and never fear any evil, because God sores the big cheese, if you please, is absolutely walking, lock in step with you, I, they, them, and whatever the fuck anybody identifies as.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, but either way, This is why people just see you as so mythical, like a Pegasus or Minotaur.
 You dig what I'm saying, a siren, if you will, which is why people feel so called to you, to your journey.
 They feel as if there is something that is luring them in.
 And then also at the same time, there are those who want to part of a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to share an immediate proximity with you and be on the receiving end of your love and allegiance, Big Pippin, but have since squandered it.


TikTok

 They are very much so in this reminiscent energy, ruminating over past transgressions, ruminating over certain things that they said, certain actions that they took, or the lack thereof.
 And believe you meet collective, they are, they are yearning.
 They are longing for your energy.
 And they would give anything, just for a morsel.
 A ink link, uh, a grunian of your time.
 You dig what I'm saying, collective.
 Because they had the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to really get up close and personal to you and being able to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury to be able to really pick your mind and to, you know, really receive this, this, these gems and jewels and knowledge of free game that you would oftentime just drop casually.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you were always so supportive.
 You were always so encouraging.
 You dig what I'm saying, and that's another reason why people are watching you.
 That's another reason why people are supporting you, encouraging you, because they know for show, without a motherfucking me doubt that you would do the same, that you do do the same.
 You did what I'm saying, especially by way of consistency, by way of consideration.
 Being consistently considerate.
 But either way, collective, and that's why those same people from your past, they they would wish that they could just have a conversation with you.


TikTok

 Just one more.
 Or hell, they would like to try to creep back in because you are so ironclad on your boundaries that they wouldn't dare step near your motherfucking me toe over where you have the line drawn at in the sand.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 But they they want to see if you will bend or if you will break on your boundaries, you know, maybe like you would have done in past times.
 You did what I was saying.
 And not as if that's what they expect you to do.
 However, you have grown so much and they have stayed stagnant for so long that they are still associating you with the old version of yourself that they once knew.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 So it don't even matter if, even if they get further, do a further review from you, from the person that you are now, either way, you could have a conversation with them.
 You could, either way, they're still going to try to associate you with that version of yourself that they once had.
 You did what I'm saying that you once were.
 And because of that, that means that they aren't going to really hold you in consideration.
 Maybe they'll play, act, and, you know, be remorseful and act as if they've turned over a new leaf initially.


TikTok

 But that shit will quickly dissipate after they feel as if they've gained your trust or, you know, your confidence in them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 But one thing about you, collective is that, hell, once motherfuckers do some fraudulent weird ass shit, or you start to feel as if they operating with this weird ass energy, you 86 them.
 You get them gone.
 Or hell, you just get the fuck from around them.
 Sometimes people grow apart.
 It is what it is.
 And hell, you just let bygones be bygones.
 You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Bye.
 Gone
 straight like that.
 And, you know, a lot of people actually respect that.
 Even those who once upon a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking beat luxury of being able to truly share an immediate proximity with you collective.
 They gotta respect it, and they do.
 But... They just, they wish they could get in where they fit in once more, but no more.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Plus, they see, you know, the heights that you are ascending to.
 They see how you are so rooted in purpose and passion.


TikTok

 They see that, um, baby, you well on your way, and you're absolutely making it do what they do in the only way that you can.
 And they know this for show. And they always knew that you were capable.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They just wish that they could be complicit within being able to say that they had something to do with your victories, with your triumphs.
 You did what I'm saying, with your accomplishments, with your accolades.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 especially because now they feel like they're on the wrong side of history.
 And I mean, not in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 They feel like they've squandered something that could have been beautiful, beneficial.
 Oh, well, you dig what I'm saying.
 Shit.
 Fuck them.
 You know, ain't no, you know, no, no ill will, ill intent to them, but fuck them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And really, you just focus on those who have eyes to see you, ears to hear your messages or whatever.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you just let the rest fall in place, how it needs to.


TikTok

 You're not going to try to control or dictate how things play out.
 You are just going to do your part in the process.
 Ah, and then you will ultimately have control how things play out.
 You did what I'm saying, especially when you go about controlling how you go about reacting in any set of circumstances.
 That's another thing that makes you very much so unpredictable and perceptible, paradoxical.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So, yeah, collective, just know for sure, baby, that people see that you're absolutely going up, up, upity.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And there are a lot of people want to cozy up too.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 They want to, you know, reach some type of acquaintanceship and, you know, gain some type of rapport, bit on top of it to see if there is something more.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And, you know, that's all beautiful, nice and hunky-dory and shit.
 And I know you have enough discernment to know as much as such, who is for you, what is for you, who has good intentions for you, who has ill will, who possesses ill will, or any of that shit.
 You do what I'm saying.
 But a lot of people, they want to see my opportunistic.
 You dig what I'm saying, but they want to align themselves with you.


TikTok

 They want to be in alliance with you, because they are able to tell that you are the type of person that should be aligned with, because you are in alignment, and you are on your assignment, baby.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 And that is why you are receiving so much divine favor.
 That's why people look at you like a fucking mythical being, an alien, something celestial, because you are governed by divine law.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You are, you are the pinnacle of, of what it looks like to be or what it is to be enigmatic.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Hmm.
 Baby, you are polarizing, to say the least.
 So, yeah, baby, I love me, so you, baby boo, have a great motherfucking day.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 God bless you.
 Love you, love yours, stay safe, be of service, stay dangerous.
 This message is for you.
 You have 0 clue who you are in the spirit realm.
 And that's not an insult.
 That's the setup.
 You wake up every day thinking that this version of you is the whole story.


TikTok

 Job, phone, problems, bills, expectations, labels that they slapped on you early and never bothered to remove.
 You scroll, you laugh, you survive, you adapt, you tell yourself that this is normal.
 Everybody's tired.
 Everybody's stressed and everybody's confused.
 But deep down, deep, way down.
 You've always known that something doesn't add up.
 Because you don't just feel lost.
 You feel out of place.
 Like you're a high powered machine dropped in to beginner mode.


TikTok

 Like your memory got wiped on purpose.
 Like your soul walked into this life with a blindfold on and instructions were conveniently missing.
 And you keep asking yourself why certain things hit you harder than they should.
 Why justice makes your chest burn, while you can smell fake from a mile away, while solitude feels safer than crowds.
 But you've always felt washed and measured and studied, even when nobody was around.


TikTok

 You think that's anxiety, but they think that's awareness.
 So you don't know who you are in the spiritual realm, but they do.
 And by they, I don't mean some cartoons and villains and rogues.
 I mean, systems, hierarchies, structures, energies, people who read patterns instead of,
 It's people who study lineage and frequency and reaction, pressure, tolerance, and you know, Have you ever noticed how much resistance showed up in your life early?


TikTok

 Like the hits came fast, like too fast.
 Family chaos, sudden losses, betrayals that felt scripted, doors closing for no reason, no logical reason.
 You told yourself that you were unlucky.
 But pressure reveals quality.
 Nobody wastes opposition on someone average.
 Average people
 See, see.
 You got dragged, but still you're here.
 Still thinking and questioning and standing in rooms that you weren't expected to survive entering.


TikTok

 Still not fully controlled, even after everything that they threw at you to to dull your edge.
 And that's the part that you don't know.
 That's the part that you forgot.
 But somebody noticed.
 Because when you returned, when you came back into this world as this version of you, You didn't come empty.
 You came with residue, instincts, reflexes.
 A presence that you can't explain and that other people can't ignore.
 Have you ever said someone somewhere quietly and feel someone across the room, clock you for no reason?


TikTok

 That's not paranoia.
 That's recognition without context.
 See, your spirit knows how to stand even when your mind is unsure.
 You've always felt older than your age, huh?
 You watch people repeat things that you've already outgrown.
 Like trends don't quite hypnotize you.
 Like you can't fully commit to nonsense no matter how hard you try to blend in.
 You tried.
 You tried being normal, but your soul keeps side eyeing the whole operation.


TikTok

 Because you didn't return to forget, not forever.
 You return under constraint, and that's the part that messes with people.
 You don't wake up knowing the truth.
 You wake up sensing it. And flashes and discomfort and that low hum behind your thoughts that says, this isn't all there is.
 In moments where your patience runs out, for the things that everyone else tolerates easily, and in that urge to burn your old self down and rebuild without asking for permission.


TikTok

 They know who you are because they've seen this pattern before, the, the, the, The ones with dangerous depth, the ones who look calm until they're not, the ones whose awakenings don't come as peace, but they come as disruption.
 They know people like you don't move fast, but when you move, Structures wobble.
 And that's why confusion surrounds you.
 Fog is strategic.
 You think it's accidental that you've had to, you've had to piece yourself together with no manual that nobody really ever explained you to yourself.


TikTok

 The guidance only came half clear.
 Because clarity triggers remembrance and remembrance changes posture, imposture, changes power dynamics.
 And some balances are very comfortable the way that they are.
 So you're giving distractions instead.
 Trauma loops, self-doubt, overthinking, labels that lower expectations, voices that tell you to calm down, be realistic, stay in your lane.
 Meanwhile, your spirit keeps pacing like a caged animal.


TikTok

 Checking the bars, waiting for the click that it recognizes.
 And yeah, you don't know who you are in the spirit realm.
 But you feel the weight of it.
 You feel it when you refuse to bow internally.
 Even when you comply externally.
 When you play the game just enough to survive, but never enough to surrender.
 When you laugh with people who don't know you, knowing if you ever show them the real depth, it would scare them.
 When you sense timelines branching, and you realize small decisions feel heavier for you than for others.


TikTok

 That's because your return wasn't casual.
 Some people reincarnate to experience.
 others return to intervene.
 And right now, you're walking around with the, with, with, with the amnesia part of the package thinking that the confusion is the problem.
 Not realizing that it's the cover.
 The delay isn't punishment.
 It's training under pressure.
 It's seasoning.
 It's learning restraint before remembering capacity.


TikTok

 Takes place.
 You don't need to to, listen, they've been watching how you handle disappointment.
 and how you treat power when you don't have it yet.
 How you talk to yourself when nobody's clapping.
 How you respond when the world keeps testing the strength that you didn't constantly or consciously set up to demonstrate.
 Listen family.
 You're very different.
 You're very different.


TikTok

 Very, very different.
 Everybody knows.
 You know it, they know it.
 We all know it.
 So keep going.
 I need you to understand that you need to be aware of people projecting their insecurities onto you in this season, okay?
 Remember this.
 You are a person that are empowered right now, okay?


TikTok

 And you're projecting a lot of empowerment, which that is amazing, okay?
 And you're operating in so much confidence and security.
 All right, that is going to trigger a lot of people in this season that are low vibrational, that are operating in a very low vibrational way.
 and chose to be small minded and not expand their capacity, not expand their nervous system to hold more like you did, okay?
 9.55 on my clock.
 They're going to make you feel, okay, that you're wrong for being successful, that you're wrong for following your dreams, that you are wrong for accomplishing and achieving your goals, okay?


TikTok

 And so just know that you're going to have people that are going to try and do that because you know why?
 Because they couldn't pray or manifest for you to fade in the shadows, to disappear, to just, you know, cease to exist.
 111 on this timestamp, but you're becoming more bolder, more visible and more louder than ever.
 Okay?
 And it's because you have a voice and you have a testimony, a story to tell.
 And just know this.


TikTok

 It's not your fault for accomplishing your goals.
 It's their fault for not trying or allowing themselves to follow their dreams.
 Yo, I ain't gonna lie, let me ask you something.
 Is there anything you can't do?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Like, okay, Mr. Multifacity?
 Like, this is, I could do all things, like, come on now.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 People be thinking you kind of all over the place sometimes.
 Right?
 But they just don't understand.
 You're not uh,
 You're not a worker, you're a creator.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And everything you touch turns to gold, right?
 It isn't a thing you can't do.
 You can do anything you put your mind.
 That's what makes you special.
 Right?
 People are actually excited to see what's next.
 What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 What people call confusion, I call it depth.
 You just don't be deep enough.
 You know what I mean?
 You already told yourself, you refuse to live.
 Clocking in, working a 95.
 Drinking on the weekends, little vacation every 3 to 6 months.
 Retire with you, 65, and then live a little bit of life and that's it.
 Right?
 You already opted out of that long time ago and decided that's not the life for you.
 You know what I mean?


TikTok

 And there's some people that don't understand because that's what they've been conditioned.
 That's the way they've been conditioned to live.
 You know?
 But that's not for you and it's okay.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you're the type of being who would rather suffer in your freedom.
 Then to have stability and conform.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, yeah, you do what's true to your heart and you genuinely get fulfillment from creating.
 Right?
 If you, all you want to do is create.
 And what you've been creating, It's been fantastic, to say the least.


TikTok

 I'm just going to put that out there, right?
 Like, we we're not going to go past that, right?
 The work damn sure speak for itself.
 Damn sure ain't mediocre.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shout out to you.
 They needed you to believe nobody would understand you because isolated people are easier to silence.
 They convinced you that your reaction was the problem.
 That telling the truth would make you look crazy, that asking for help would only prove them right.
 So you stayed quiet.
 You carried it alone, and they counted on that.
 But then you found people who recognized the pattern.


TikTok

 People who heard your story and didn't ask what you did to deserve it.
 People are understood because they had lived it too.
 They counted on your silence.
 They never planned for survivors to find each other.
 You don't have to survive this alone.
 Not anymore.
 Yes, their heart is being softened, their intentions are being refined, and their understanding of love is becoming deeper than it has ever been before.
 God is working on both sides, not just yours.


TikTok

 He is preparing two lives to come together in a way that reflects patience, respect, and genuine care.
 There may be moments when you feel uncertain when your thoughts try to return to old patterns of doubt.
 That is natural, because your heart has experienced things that taught it to be cautious, but this is not the same as what you have known before.
 God does not repeat cycles that brought you pain.
 He breaks those cycles and replaces them with something that brings healing and stability.


TikTok

 As you continue forward, you will begin to notice small signs that confirm what your spirit already feels.
 These signs will not always be dramatic, sometimes they will come in simple moments, in quiet conversations, in the way your heart feels at ease without effort.
 These are the ways God speaks gently, reminding you that you are on the right path without overwhelming you.
 The connection between you and this person is not built on urgency.


TikTok

 It is built on understanding.
 It grows steadily, like something that has been planted carefully and is now beginning to take root.
 This kind of growth does not fade quickly.
 It becomes stronger over time, gaining depth with each passing day.
 There is something important you are learning through this experience.
 You are learning that love does not have to feel unstable to be real.
 It does not have to come with fear to be meaningful.


TikTok

 God's kind of love brings a sense of security that allows you to breathe freely.
 It allows you to be yourself without fear of being misunderstood or rejected.
 Type 1111 if you trust in God.
 There may be people around you who do not understand what is happening.
 They may look at the situation and try to define it based on their own beliefs or expectations.
 But they do not see what God sees.
 They do not feel what he has placed within your heart.


TikTok

 Their perspective is limited, but God's vision is complete.
 You are not called to live according to the opinions of others.
 You are called to walk in alignment with what God has placed within you.
 When he ordains something, it carries a purpose that goes beyond what others can see.
 It is not about proving anything to anyone.
 It is about trusting what has been written for you.
 This person's love for you is not built on surface attraction.


X

Guess who's back?


Microphone

mommy.
 Man, I'm round the pool. Table movement for animals.
 Oh, great.
 Stay back, Snowdrop. But, get out, you three guys.
 I visit is the snow I see you lying around, right?
 Okay, sweet, monkey, sweet. Yes, it.
 Next the lady.
 Tonight


Microphone

 Oh, my.
 Hey, Monkey, fat Butt Pop.
 And get this going.
 Hello, let's go see the cooka box.
 Come along, Snowdrop.
 Wow.
 Mm
 Here's now my granny!
 This episode is cool, granny.
 Thanks, Joe, you picked up some things for dinner, Rita.


Microphone

 What was that? Janet?
 The shop's Cl is free down.
 Potterter?
 I said the show's closed.
 Don't worry about her, love.
 I didn't look who buy me.
 Sorry,
 Where are the things?
 Look, I think it's festival.
 Janet, wake up.
 Just having a nana nap, love?
 I cannot find any bites.
 What have you got there?


Microphone

 Oh, not see.
 Hey, you have to pay for those fees.
 Rita!
 I smell from my baby.
 Hey, sorry, you have to fly properly.
 You know how they do what gries do.
 Gries don't lost.
 They do.


Microphone

 Please come here.
 Oh, you dad ting gone?
 Dad.
 Bingo!
 Oh!
 That was a hard one.
 Dad, Dad.
 Exactly, yes.
 What's that?
 It's first re B be hard.
 Oh, wow.
 He's a building, and his baby's small.
 Oh, this is my dad.
 He's not actually real.
 He's a puppet, he has to find his sister. Okay. Hi, boss.


Microphone

 Nice to meet you.
 Well, let's get you back home and show you around.
 This little piggy went to market, and this little piggy stone...
 Hey, no, I didn't.
 I'm coming too.
 Check this out, we're gone.
 The two fairy with a special sticker on here.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 That's the question.
 Hmm, that is a question.


Microphone

 And question.
 Hey!
 In me.
 box.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 I don't know.
 Can you come and help me?
 Yes.
 Mum, can I go and help Lily?
 Sure thing.
 Indie.
 I'll keep an eye on him.
 Honey!


Microphone

 Yeah, it's hello.
 Wow.
 I get one?
 Yeah, I do.
 But... Piny ride!
 Excuse me.
 What's that one?
 Hey?
 Her name's Business.
 Aww.
 And what's that one say?
 Bye, baby.
 Aw. I really, really want to write my note.
 Every we ride one this week.


Microphone

 Okay, honey.
 Not you yet.
 Okay, Amy.
 Aw, sorry, honey, but you don't have enough money for two rides.
 Oh, I only want to go if Amy can come.
 It's okay, Bluey.
 Always here.
 I think I changed my mind.
 Well, I you a good friend.
 Yes, honey baby.
 Goodbye
 You're so good.
 Okay, let's go.


Microphone

You're watching this right now because you have to get a manifestation.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are capable of manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 I don't know what you were trying to do.
 I don't know what you were trying to accomplish.
 I don't know that place that you're trying to reach right now.
 Whatever you're going through.
 This has reached you because you will not stop.
 And it's time for you to keep going.


TikTok

 Do not stop.
 what you are trying to accomplish, what you are setting out to do.
 Do not stop.
 It is your time.
 The only thing is now that you must start to manifest.
 And it's time for you to manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 You are worthy, you are the chosen one.
 This has reached you because you have these capabilities.
 The universe has called you.
 The universe has called onto you, upon you.


TikTok

 Are you seeing the numbers 111-222-3333?
 444555, 11, 11, 10, 10.
 All of these numbers are signs.
 All these numbers are signs that you must continue, your journey, you must continue what you are trying to accomplish.
 You are right there.
 You are so close.
 But now you must manifest it.
 This is your son.


TikTok

 This is your time to let you know that you can manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 But I need you to know.
 Do not let negativity, negative thinking, exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let doubt exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let low vibrational thoughts exist in your subconscious.


TikTok

 This is what's stopping you from reaching that goal, that place that you're trying to reach.
 You must, must create positive affirmations and raise your level of vibration in your subconscience.
 This is how you manifest.
 You must block out negativity immediately as soon as it hits your subconscious in your brain and you think about it, block it out immediately and replace it with positive affirmations, positive thoughts.


TikTok

 You are worthy of success.
 Say it.
 I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day.
 Say this to yourself.
 I am the master of my destiny.
 You are the master of your destiny. Through faith, thought, and decision you will create an abundance.
 I am the master of my destiny, through faith, thought, and decision I'm creating.
 Some joy.


TikTok

 I will create an abundance of happiness.
 I will create an abundance of love.
 I will create an abundance of opportunity.
 I will create an abundance of success.
 I will create an abundance of appreciation for love, appreciation for life.
 I will create an abundance of generational wealth for me and my family.
 This is what you must replace when you have negative thoughts and you doubt yourself.


TikTok

 This is what you must replace your subconscious.
 Raise your hop, raise your vibrations right now.
 Things are about to change for you because this has reached you and it's time for you to manifest.
 You are the chosen one.
 You have always been chosen.
 But doubt, negativity, negative thinking.
 Doubting yourself.
 This is this is what has been stopping you from reaching that place that you're trying to reach, that goal you are trying to reach.


TikTok

 Replace it with positive affirmations.
 Say, I will persist until I prevail.
 You will persist until you prevail.
 That means nothing will stop you from manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 Once you realize and understand that you are the master of your destiny, and what you create and what you put out, when you become one, when your thoughts become one with the universe.
 You will manifest, you will manifest, and life will turn, turn for the good.


TikTok

 Things will go your way.
 things will start to go your way.
 Keep negative thoughts out of your subconscience and your mind.
 Continue to feed your subconscious with positive affirmations.
 Create abundance.
 You are the master of your destiny.
 You are worthy of success.
 Say I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day and you will create opportunity.
 It is your time, it's time for you to start manifesting whatever it is that your heart desire.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are the chosen one.
 You are the chosen one.
 And it is time to create generational wealth, to bring, create abundance of love, joy, happiness.
 I don't know what you're going through.
 If you're going through depression, manifest, manifest joy, manifest happiness.
 Manifest whatever your heart desire, you are capable of doing this.
 You are the chosen one.


TikTok

 Turn your life around right now.
 Start to manifest.
 You are worthy.
 You are worthy, persistent till you prevailed, do not let nothing stop you and block out negativity, block out doubt, do not doubt yourself no more.
 You are right there.
 You're about to accomplish everything that you set out to accomplish.
 Because you are the chosen one.
 In neuroscience with something called selective attention.
 Your brain is filled.


TikTok

bits of information at every second.
 You only consciously experience a very tiny fraction of that.
 So what determines what gets through?
 If your expectations, your beliefs, your focus.
 So in other words, your brain is what's literally editing reality before you ever even experience it.
 Now, when you really, really think about that, if you're constantly focused on what's missing in your brain, it becomes a machine designed to find more evidence of what is missing.
 Because reality changed because you're filter did.


TikTok

 Spiritually, you hear people say things like what you focus on expands.
 And science proves to us that neuropathways strengthened with repetition.
 again, it's the exact same thing.
 It's just a different language.
 This is exactly why simple things, like a gratitude journal.
 They're not convincing the universe to bless you.
 What it helps you do is reprogram the filter through which you experience reality.
 Once the filter changes, then your decisions change, your opportunities change, your behavior changes, your entire outlook changes, then eventually your reality changes.


TikTok

 And that's not necessarily because things like a gratitude journal are magical, although I believe they are, because your attention is powerful.
 Your attention is magical, and having things like a gratitude journal help direct your attention.
 This manifestation journal is a great journal to get you just focused in with your attention because that will actually change your reality.
 I linked it for you here if you want to check it out and don't forget to follow me for more science and spirituality and all things working with the field so that we can continue to actively change our realities together.


TikTok

 The chosen ones are in contact with extraterrestrial entities.
 This is a quick message.
 From the universe, chosen one.
 As you look back on your life, chosen one, and you look into now, I bet you, you, you know, you're starting to gain more understanding.
 You're starting to gain, um, More knowledge of what you are.


TikTok

 Why you're here?
 You're starting to understand that you are an extraterrestrial origin, consciousness.
 And you're starting to understand that how this works is.
 You know, you're starting to understand that the consciousness is everything, right?
 This body inch physical form.
 You're starting to understand that you incarnated here for a specific person purpose.
 See, you came back to save the world, chosen.
 You came here to save this reality.


TikTok

 You came here to help humankind.
 to help humanity in a different type of way.
 And this is why you've been under heavy attack by these people or these entities who wish to keep humanity in bondage.
 And you came here as someone to help lift the consciousness and not only that, um, and this message is for, The chosen who are the reminders, the ones who are actively getting online, putting out these, uh, uh, downloads and it's 1000000s and 1000000s of people doing this.


TikTok

 I don't care if you got a big following.
 I don't care if 20 people watching shit.
 It doesn't matter.
 And if you are someone who has these downloads or resonate and you're not, and you're not, um, or resonates with this message and you're not doing your part, bro.
 Get on the internet and start speaking your truth.
 Like, I really encourage and recommend that if you are some spiritual person and there are things and downloads that are coming to you on a daily basis, you're having these realizations about life, about a lot of shit.


TikTok

 Please do your part and share it online, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, fucking YouTube, whatever.
 Twitch, kick.
 I don't give a fuck.
 I need to see you guys doing this and I'm encouraging you to do it because this is why you came here.
 Chosen one.
 This message is for anyone who can resonate.
 You're in contact with extraterrestrial beings.


TikTok

 And you have always been in contact with these extraterrestrial beings.
 Your whole freaking life, because you are an extraterrestrial.
 Now, a lot of times when we say you're in contact with extraterrestrial beings, people will start to think that I'm saying that, you know, green ain't men done came down and nah, man, it's a mind thing.
 See, some of you have this orb when you close your eyes and this ain't going to be for everybody.


TikTok

 everybody ain't got this.
 But to the ones that do, you ain't got to leave it in the comments.
 I mean, you can, if you ain't scared, if you say, man, I got the orb, whatever, whatever.
 But we understand that, you know, they monitor this shit.
 They monitor my content.
 They read the comments, and it's why I encourage you guys.
 Yo, I'm gonna say this again.
 If you want to link in with me, if you really want to talk to Jay, It does cost $75.
 It is an energy shade, but if you want to tap in with me, you want to get your story out there, you want to get close and personal, you want to get my contact.


TikTok

 You want to just be able to link in with me?
 Pay the fee, tap in.
 75, we on FaceTime.
 We chop it up for, you know, I don't even really put a time on this thing.
 At least 30 minutes.
 Right?
 But tap in, get the call, man.
 If that's something you want to do.
 Remember, we are in the Matrix.
 I do need to eat just like you.
 We all got bills.
 I know there's this bullshit about, oh, you're spiritual.
 You shouldn't, you should be homeless.
 You shouldn't get paid.
 Right.
 But I ain't on that.


TikTok

 Fuck what these niggas talking about.
 We understand in the Matrix, everything costs.
 You want to tap in, tap in?
 Now, You've been in contact with extraterrestrial your whole life.
 And I'm going to show you ways that they contact you.
 But if you got the orb, right, there's this orb in your mind when you close your eyes and it transforms into things.
 And if you lay back and you focus on it for an hour, you meditate on it, you'll see, it'll transform.
 It'll show you the whole life creation story.
 It'll transform into different creatures, different entities, different life forms.


TikTok

 And all of these entities, these life forms are connected to you, chosen one.
 But beyond the orb, right?
 Because this orb, A lot of us are just now noticing that we have it.
 We wasn't even, we ain't had this unlocked our whole life.
 This is something that's unlocked in the last five, 6 years for a lot of people.
 Right?
 Now, Beyond the orb chosen one, how you know you, these aliens are in contact with you or these ETs.


TikTok

 Which is really your family, which is really you, where you're from.
 Sensations are floating while you're asleep.
 A lot of y'all didn't have weird dreams and, you know, you would be asleep and you'll feel yourself floating physically.
 I've experienced this more than once in my life.
 Another thing to know that, you know, when they're in contact with you, when you're stargazing, and then your eyes catch a random star and it starts to move.


TikTok

 You start to watch the stars move.
 I've seen that.
 You've seen that.
 This is contact.
 And for a lot of you, you literally see the pyramid ship.
 The pyramidship is following you around 24 fucking 7 chosen one.
 And it's because you are an extraterrestrial, but it gets deeper.
 Some of you are so tapped in and so guided and so a part of this extraterrestrial invasion that it has been happening on this planet to take it back, right?


TikTok

 Because this was our planet before it was these entities that have the world in low vibration.
 This was our shit 1st and we're just coming back to take it back.
 We left. And now we're back.
 We want our shit.
 Right?
 And so, What you got to understand, man?
 A lot of y'all have the ability to tap in with these people in your mind and even allow these entities or extraterrestrial to experience the physical through your eyes.


TikTok

 Um, by letting your body be used as a vessel.
 And a lot of y'all have done this and a lot of y'all, when y'all was in these honey trap situations, whatever, whatever, you know, these ETs will come and say, yo, man, you know what I'm saying?
 Boy, we're going to put you on game about the honey trap and be like, man, let me, you know what I'm saying?
 And a lot of y'all, man, a lot of y'all, bro.
 Y'all have allowed these entities or these entities share your vessel sometimes.
 Sometimes as you, sometimes you can go sit down and let the entity do the work.


TikTok

 And I know that sounds kind of crazy.
 People would classify that as split personality disorder or some crazy shit, but it's not, man.
 You're not crazy chosen one.
 This is a real thing and I'm just confirming how this situation works.
 You have the ability to let entities that are on ships in this world right now, see the world through your eyes.
 A lot of you have made it through situations that you would have never made it through.


TikTok

 Had you not let, uh, an entity control your vessel to see and maneuver through this shit?
 A lot of y'all, man.
 So, I need you to understand, you're in real contact with these ETs and you're a part of this war.
 You are a part of the invasion.
 You are not a human being.
 You are extraterrestrial consciousness that has incarnated as a human being in this time on a mission.
 And you need to figure out your part.


TikTok

 And if you don't understand your part, man, make sure you tap in with me live.
 I'm always live every day, 630 ET on YouTube, Facebook, or TikTok.
 630 ET AM and then again around 330 p.m.
 Tap in with me on my lives if you've never seen that, where we break down this Matrix.
 We talk about things like this, chosen one.
 But yeah, man, shout out to everybody.


TikTok

 Listen, this shit is real.
 You're really going through that, man.
 If you are on my YouTube, man, thank you for your subscription.
 If you like this video, and don't forget to join my members.
 If you join my members, you will get exclusive content where we talk about more shit like this.
 Remember only videos.
 I already need those jewels.
 But yeah, it chose one.
 You are a part of this extraterrestrial invasion.
 Hold up real quick, love one.


TikTok

 You gotta match the level from a distance.
 Just matching fillers only have you blind in your existence.
 And I'm finna speak to her today, loved one.
 First of all, how you doing today?
 Oh, we woke up with that energy just flowing.
 Hey, and the light dimmers out there, starting to dim your light.
 I was sitting thinking, like, man, why you want to damn the light and be in a dart?
 You need to see to move.


TikTok

 I don't




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 21:48
DATA: TikTok

Let me learn how to adapt.
 Let me learn how to see through the fire.
 Ooh, thank you, spirit.
 Because it's this energy of... ramming through it.
 It's like, you sat there so long, and you were in the flame so long, that it's more than learning how to operate in that chaotic destruction.
 You're like, okay, yes, everything is going to shit.
 But watch what I do.


TikTok

 That's supposed to happen and now it's like, you know what?
 Watch what I do with it, though.
 Watch what I do because of it.
 Watch what I do in spite of being dropped in this fiery, destructive ass, chaotic energy place.
 Not one time did you deserve it?
 Not one time were you... allowed to be a victim in that situation?


TikTok

 And I'm sorry for that.
 I'm sorry for that.
 Because you deserve compassion and kindness for where the fuck you were standing inside of that fire, whether you were able to move or not, you deserved compassion and kindness for standing in that motherfucking fire, okay?
 But I need you to know this energy here is like, yeah, everything's about to, everything's about to pay off.
 Like, you didn't stay there and go through and witness all of that for you.


TikTok

 Nothing.
 Again, let me go back to you.
 Did you deserve it?
 Hell, motherfucking no.
 But because of it, you are going to make sure you never see them type of circumstances ever again.
 You feel me?
 And I think you just need to be congratulated and reminded how proud you should be of yourself.
 I am very, very incredibly proud of you because, wow.
 There were so many times you wanted to give up, but you were like,


TikTok

 No, there has to be better.
 I have to see it through.
 I don't even know what I'm fighting for sometimes, but I got to see it through.
 And you literally, it's almost like you paved, uh, paved a whole pathway through, through the, through the fire, like... This shit sounds crazy, but this, I can see it so clearly in my mind, like, you were sitting in the pit for a long time.
 And I think that's a perfect way to describe it.
 But what I'm seeing is.


TikTok

 Right now, you're ready to run full fucking force.
 You've like, I've seen enough.
 I've been through enough in this.
 I have come back to this place in so many different aspects within my mind, within my life, within my habits.
 I am never coming back here again.
 I'm never coming back here again, and that energy right there... is leading you into this rewarding, very, very much so peaceful garden type of energy, but it is the garden that you crafted.


TikTok

 It is the, it came from ashes.
 It is the phoenix that rises.
 It is that energy.
 of the pinnacles that I'm, this is the ten of pinnacles, and those pinnacles, the stability that she's built, she's walking on it.
 It was the new foundation for the land.
 You had to walk up out of the walk yourself, up out of that fiery ass pit of destruction.
 People constantly nagging at you.


TikTok

 People constantly belittering you, throwing shade in the most obvious that they think is subtle ways.
 You have to fight, baby.
 And the fact that you are never going to go back, come on now.
 Come on now.
 And please understand that when you are triggered and when you have challenges, that's not bringing you back.
 It is a reminder of how far you've come.
 It is a reminder of how far you've traveled.
 It is a reminder to imprint back in your brain that pathway that you paved for yourself to get up out of here.


TikTok

 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 There's a lot of things that's about to go right for you now.
 And nobody can take this.
 Nobody can drain this from you anymore.
 Nobody can siphon this.
 It just feels like all these things that take, take, take, take.
 Nobody's taking from you anymore.
 555 on the timer.
 That shit is gone.
 We're time, we are turning the tables, turning the new leaf, you feel me?


TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times, a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community where you know you'll be safe.
 You have been safe.


TikTok

 You're learning what safety feels like.
 You're already standing on this ground.
 You already have, like, the coins are overflowing in the back.
 The children are playing in the background. The dog is out there like everybody's at peace.
 And then we have the 401.
 Just, like, it is, it is your, it is your work.
 It is your consistency to approach each challenge with the idea, whether this is the forethought, the afterthought, the subconscious thought, the conscious, whatever it is, you approach every situation with no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


TikTok

 If this ain't the life that I saw and envisioned for myself to live, this can't be the end.
 So I know I'm gonna make it through this.
 And that's the energy you need to have about every fucking thing.
 And the fact that you have held onto that, even through where you started, is why you're, it's 111 PM right now.
 is exactly why you are going to find yourself winning again and again and again in this new place that you have created for your fucking self.
 I'm so fucking proud of you.
 I love you.


TikTok

 I hope this was helpful, go be great.
 And if it hits, send a tip.
 Chosen ones do not play.
 Chosen ones are kind.
 I'm going to start with the positive 1st and this one, we'll get to you.
 Chose ones are diplomatic.
 We know how to de-escalate situation.
 We are people who will at times go above and beyond, very tolerant, right?
 I mean more so than the average person.
 Self-control, all of the above home training.
 Well, Mama told his grandma, whatever you want to call it, right?
 We got all of that.


TikTok

 But with all there comes this this dark side, people not ready for.
 Because I tell you one thing about people like us, people like me, people like you, were kind, we're diplomatic, but we do not play.
 Once you disrespect after I've done all of that, oh, I know something wrong with you.
 That's obvious, because I've already been kind to you.
 I been nice to you.
 You gonna do me like this?
 It's over.
 So we are men and women who do not play.
 Do not take a chosen man and woman's kindness for weakness.
 It is a gift.
 You hear me?
 And once you take that for a weakness and use that person or disrespect them or disregard them, don't be surprised when you hear the footprints.


TikTok

 and they're gone.
 You will lose a good woman.
 You will lose a good man by taking them for granted.
 Stop taking good people for rent, what I'm trying to say.
 When a person is being nice to you, see it as a gift.
 It's not a weakness because they can switch girls on you and you won't know who you're dealing with.
 Collective, if only you knew what you was supposed to be.
 You broke a stigma that was unfairly placed on you. And the thing about this stigma is it was supposed to lead you to a specific outcome.


TikTok

 Right now, somebody is, somebody is in shocking and horror, but somebody is amazed.
 It's like almost, let's say they didn't believe in God, but then there's you.
 You broke past something that broke everybody else that faced it.
 Or what I was getting is, they became comfortable in a dark place.
 A lot of the things that you've been through, people haven't even been through a fraction of it, but it was enough to make them settle in a dark place to get comfortable and to just accept their dark place.


TikTok

 Like if, you know, if they ended up in life fire, there will I just be fired and I'll just be broke and I'll just be a bum and that's it.
 Life is over.
 Like some people have literally decided that the stigma ends them, right?
 But listen to this, though.
 This is what a stigma is.
 A strong, often unfair, negative attitude, belief or social disapproval.
 It's based on perceived differences.
 As I told y'all before, people look at the chosen and be like, man, they they're different.
 So they're wrong.
 You're not wrong.


TikTok

 You're different.
 People have different mindsets, mindsets which create different perceptions of how they see things, how they view things, their experience, shapes, how they see things.
 They haven't had your experiences, baby, and they haven't even, for some of them, come close and those experiences shape them to give up.
 Now, there are some people who watched you go through things they could never even imagine.
 You are being seen as someone who has such a great sense of self and also a great sense of direction collective.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Though, people just seem to be very much so confused about which direction you are going in, why you are going in that direction.
 And what drove you or what motivated you or what is your, what are your whys as to why are you going in the direction that you are going in?
 Because collective everything about you is very much unorthodox.
 The path that you are walking, the things that you are doing that are applicable toward the path that you are walking.


TikTok

 how you are being of service because you already know being of service will serve to be very much so purposeful, not only to be of service to thyself, but especially to be of service to God's source to big cheese, if you please, to do your part in the midst of co-creation.
 You did what I'm saying, baby.
 I am talking about all of your heart.
 And one thing about you, baby boo, is that you are absolutely going to do everything with all your heart because you already know for sure that the way you do anything is absolutely the way that you do every motherfucking me thing.
 You dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 However, you are so imperceptible, so paradoxical that hell, people don't even know how to take you.
 You you aren't the type of person that people can can really recognize too much patterns in.
 The only patterns that people are able to really perceive or really pinpoint about you collective are the patterns of consistency, of discipline.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Of peace and serendipitous, jolly and jovial, good cheer, and you did what I was saying, spread, joy, and cheer to those who have eyes to see and ears to hear.


TikTok

 Hell, even those that, even when they, they, you know, cast aspersions that you should, you don't even cash your pearls upon swine, baby.
 You just knock the motherfucking meat dust up off your feet and you keep that shit pushing. Like it ain't nobody business, baby.
 I'm talking about God as my witness, but you better believe you, motherfucking me.
 A lot of people are bearing witness to this journey that you are on.
 This heroic escapade that you have embarked on, baby.
 And it's making them want to do the same on their own behalf, on their own accord.
 You dig what I'm saying, whatever that looks like for them.
 Who knows?


TikTok

 But either way, they're finding so much resonance with your story, with your passion, with the way that you are walking a path or your motherfucking me purpose, baby.
 And they are able to tell that you have this ironclad confidence in conjunction with ironclad convictions that that just keep you going and keep you keeping on like a motherfucker.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Plus your amplified faith.
 Ooh, for you know for sure that you can absolutely walk through the motherfucking meat valley out of shadow of Death Collective, and never fear any evil, because God sores the big cheese, if you please, is absolutely walking, lock in step with you, I, they, them, and whatever the fuck anybody identifies as.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, but either way, This is why people just see you as so mythical, like a Pegasus or Minotaur.
 You dig what I'm saying, a siren, if you will, which is why people feel so called to you, to your journey.
 They feel as if there is something that is luring them in.
 And then also at the same time, there are those who want to part of a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to share an immediate proximity with you and be on the receiving end of your love and allegiance, Big Pippin, but have since squandered it.


TikTok

 They are very much so in this reminiscent energy, ruminating over past transgressions, ruminating over certain things that they said, certain actions that they took, or the lack thereof.
 And believe you meet collective, they are, they are yearning.
 They are longing for your energy.
 And they would give anything, just for a morsel.
 A ink link, uh, a grunian of your time.
 You dig what I'm saying, collective.
 Because they had the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to really get up close and personal to you and being able to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury to be able to really pick your mind and to, you know, really receive this, this, these gems and jewels and knowledge of free game that you would oftentime just drop casually.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you were always so supportive.
 You were always so encouraging.
 You dig what I'm saying, and that's another reason why people are watching you.
 That's another reason why people are supporting you, encouraging you, because they know for show, without a motherfucking me doubt that you would do the same, that you do do the same.
 You did what I'm saying, especially by way of consistency, by way of consideration.
 Being consistently considerate.
 But either way, collective, and that's why those same people from your past, they they would wish that they could just have a conversation with you.


TikTok

 Just one more.
 Or hell, they would like to try to creep back in because you are so ironclad on your boundaries that they wouldn't dare step near your motherfucking me toe over where you have the line drawn at in the sand.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 But they they want to see if you will bend or if you will break on your boundaries, you know, maybe like you would have done in past times.
 You did what I was saying.
 And not as if that's what they expect you to do.
 However, you have grown so much and they have stayed stagnant for so long that they are still associating you with the old version of yourself that they once knew.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 So it don't even matter if, even if they get further, do a further review from you, from the person that you are now, either way, you could have a conversation with them.
 You could, either way, they're still going to try to associate you with that version of yourself that they once had.
 You did what I'm saying that you once were.
 And because of that, that means that they aren't going to really hold you in consideration.
 Maybe they'll play, act, and, you know, be remorseful and act as if they've turned over a new leaf initially.


TikTok

 But that shit will quickly dissipate after they feel as if they've gained your trust or, you know, your confidence in them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 But one thing about you, collective is that, hell, once motherfuckers do some fraudulent weird ass shit, or you start to feel as if they operating with this weird ass energy, you 86 them.
 You get them gone.
 Or hell, you just get the fuck from around them.
 Sometimes people grow apart.
 It is what it is.
 And hell, you just let bygones be bygones.
 You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Bye.
 Gone
 straight like that.
 And, you know, a lot of people actually respect that.
 Even those who once upon a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking beat luxury of being able to truly share an immediate proximity with you collective.
 They gotta respect it, and they do.
 But... They just, they wish they could get in where they fit in once more, but no more.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Plus, they see, you know, the heights that you are ascending to.
 They see how you are so rooted in purpose and passion.


TikTok

 They see that, um, baby, you well on your way, and you're absolutely making it do what they do in the only way that you can.
 And they know this for show. And they always knew that you were capable.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They just wish that they could be complicit within being able to say that they had something to do with your victories, with your triumphs.
 You did what I'm saying, with your accomplishments, with your accolades.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 especially because now they feel like they're on the wrong side of history.
 And I mean, not in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 They feel like they've squandered something that could have been beautiful, beneficial.
 Oh, well, you dig what I'm saying.
 Shit.
 Fuck them.
 You know, ain't no, you know, no, no ill will, ill intent to them, but fuck them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And really, you just focus on those who have eyes to see you, ears to hear your messages or whatever.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you just let the rest fall in place, how it needs to.


TikTok

 You're not going to try to control or dictate how things play out.
 You are just going to do your part in the process.
 Ah, and then you will ultimately have control how things play out.
 You did what I'm saying, especially when you go about controlling how you go about reacting in any set of circumstances.
 That's another thing that makes you very much so unpredictable and perceptible, paradoxical.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So, yeah, collective, just know for sure, baby, that people see that you're absolutely going up, up, upity.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And there are a lot of people want to cozy up too.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 They want to, you know, reach some type of acquaintanceship and, you know, gain some type of rapport, bit on top of it to see if there is something more.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And, you know, that's all beautiful, nice and hunky-dory and shit.
 And I know you have enough discernment to know as much as such, who is for you, what is for you, who has good intentions for you, who has ill will, who possesses ill will, or any of that shit.
 You do what I'm saying.
 But a lot of people, they want to see my opportunistic.
 You dig what I'm saying, but they want to align themselves with you.


TikTok

 They want to be in alliance with you, because they are able to tell that you are the type of person that should be aligned with, because you are in alignment, and you are on your assignment, baby.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 And that is why you are receiving so much divine favor.
 That's why people look at you like a fucking mythical being, an alien, something celestial, because you are governed by divine law.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You are, you are the pinnacle of, of what it looks like to be or what it is to be enigmatic.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Hmm.
 Baby, you are polarizing, to say the least.
 So, yeah, baby, I love me, so you, baby boo, have a great motherfucking day.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 God bless you.
 Love you, love yours, stay safe, be of service, stay dangerous.
 This message is for you.
 You have 0 clue who you are in the spirit realm.
 And that's not an insult.
 That's the setup.
 You wake up every day thinking that this version of you is the whole story.


TikTok

 Job, phone, problems, bills, expectations, labels that they slapped on you early and never bothered to remove.
 You scroll, you laugh, you survive, you adapt, you tell yourself that this is normal.
 Everybody's tired.
 Everybody's stressed and everybody's confused.
 But deep down, deep, way down.
 You've always known that something doesn't add up.
 Because you don't just feel lost.
 You feel out of place.
 Like you're a high powered machine dropped in to beginner mode.


TikTok

 Like your memory got wiped on purpose.
 Like your soul walked into this life with a blindfold on and instructions were conveniently missing.
 And you keep asking yourself why certain things hit you harder than they should.
 Why justice makes your chest burn, while you can smell fake from a mile away, while solitude feels safer than crowds.
 But you've always felt washed and measured and studied, even when nobody was around.


TikTok

 You think that's anxiety, but they think that's awareness.
 So you don't know who you are in the spiritual realm, but they do.
 And by they, I don't mean some cartoons and villains and rogues.
 I mean, systems, hierarchies, structures, energies, people who read patterns instead of,
 It's people who study lineage and frequency and reaction, pressure, tolerance, and you know, Have you ever noticed how much resistance showed up in your life early?


TikTok

 Like the hits came fast, like too fast.
 Family chaos, sudden losses, betrayals that felt scripted, doors closing for no reason, no logical reason.
 You told yourself that you were unlucky.
 But pressure reveals quality.
 Nobody wastes opposition on someone average.
 Average people
 See, see.
 You got dragged, but still you're here.
 Still thinking and questioning and standing in rooms that you weren't expected to survive entering.


TikTok

 Still not fully controlled, even after everything that they threw at you to to dull your edge.
 And that's the part that you don't know.
 That's the part that you forgot.
 But somebody noticed.
 Because when you returned, when you came back into this world as this version of you, You didn't come empty.
 You came with residue, instincts, reflexes.
 A presence that you can't explain and that other people can't ignore.
 Have you ever said someone somewhere quietly and feel someone across the room, clock you for no reason?


TikTok

 That's not paranoia.
 That's recognition without context.
 See, your spirit knows how to stand even when your mind is unsure.
 You've always felt older than your age, huh?
 You watch people repeat things that you've already outgrown.
 Like trends don't quite hypnotize you.
 Like you can't fully commit to nonsense no matter how hard you try to blend in.
 You tried.
 You tried being normal, but your soul keeps side eyeing the whole operation.


TikTok

 Because you didn't return to forget, not forever.
 You return under constraint, and that's the part that messes with people.
 You don't wake up knowing the truth.
 You wake up sensing it. And flashes and discomfort and that low hum behind your thoughts that says, this isn't all there is.
 In moments where your patience runs out, for the things that everyone else tolerates easily, and in that urge to burn your old self down and rebuild without asking for permission.


TikTok

 They know who you are because they've seen this pattern before, the, the, the, The ones with dangerous depth, the ones who look calm until they're not, the ones whose awakenings don't come as peace, but they come as disruption.
 They know people like you don't move fast, but when you move, Structures wobble.
 And that's why confusion surrounds you.
 Fog is strategic.
 You think it's accidental that you've had to, you've had to piece yourself together with no manual that nobody really ever explained you to yourself.


TikTok

 The guidance only came half clear.
 Because clarity triggers remembrance and remembrance changes posture, imposture, changes power dynamics.
 And some balances are very comfortable the way that they are.
 So you're giving distractions instead.
 Trauma loops, self-doubt, overthinking, labels that lower expectations, voices that tell you to calm down, be realistic, stay in your lane.
 Meanwhile, your spirit keeps pacing like a caged animal.


TikTok

 Checking the bars, waiting for the click that it recognizes.
 And yeah, you don't know who you are in the spirit realm.
 But you feel the weight of it.
 You feel it when you refuse to bow internally.
 Even when you comply externally.
 When you play the game just enough to survive, but never enough to surrender.
 When you laugh with people who don't know you, knowing if you ever show them the real depth, it would scare them.
 When you sense timelines branching, and you realize small decisions feel heavier for you than for others.


TikTok

 That's because your return wasn't casual.
 Some people reincarnate to experience.
 others return to intervene.
 And right now, you're walking around with the, with, with, with the amnesia part of the package thinking that the confusion is the problem.
 Not realizing that it's the cover.
 The delay isn't punishment.
 It's training under pressure.
 It's seasoning.
 It's learning restraint before remembering capacity.


TikTok

 Takes place.
 You don't need to to, listen, they've been watching how you handle disappointment.
 and how you treat power when you don't have it yet.
 How you talk to yourself when nobody's clapping.
 How you respond when the world keeps testing the strength that you didn't constantly or consciously set up to demonstrate.
 Listen family.
 You're very different.
 You're very different.


TikTok

 Very, very different.
 Everybody knows.
 You know it, they know it.
 We all know it.
 So keep going.
 I need you to understand that you need to be aware of people projecting their insecurities onto you in this season, okay?
 Remember this.
 You are a person that are empowered right now, okay?


TikTok

 And you're projecting a lot of empowerment, which that is amazing, okay?
 And you're operating in so much confidence and security.
 All right, that is going to trigger a lot of people in this season that are low vibrational, that are operating in a very low vibrational way.
 and chose to be small minded and not expand their capacity, not expand their nervous system to hold more like you did, okay?
 9.55 on my clock.
 They're going to make you feel, okay, that you're wrong for being successful, that you're wrong for following your dreams, that you are wrong for accomplishing and achieving your goals, okay?


TikTok

 And so just know that you're going to have people that are going to try and do that because you know why?
 Because they couldn't pray or manifest for you to fade in the shadows, to disappear, to just, you know, cease to exist.
 111 on this timestamp, but you're becoming more bolder, more visible and more louder than ever.
 Okay?
 And it's because you have a voice and you have a testimony, a story to tell.
 And just know this.


TikTok

 It's not your fault for accomplishing your goals.
 It's their fault for not trying or allowing themselves to follow their dreams.
 Yo, I ain't gonna lie, let me ask you something.
 Is there anything you can't do?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Like, okay, Mr. Multifacity?
 Like, this is, I could do all things, like, come on now.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 People be thinking you kind of all over the place sometimes.
 Right?
 But they just don't understand.
 You're not uh,
 You're not a worker, you're a creator.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And everything you touch turns to gold, right?
 It isn't a thing you can't do.
 You can do anything you put your mind.
 That's what makes you special.
 Right?
 People are actually excited to see what's next.
 What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 What people call confusion, I call it depth.
 You just don't be deep enough.
 You know what I mean?
 You already told yourself, you refuse to live.
 Clocking in, working a 95.
 Drinking on the weekends, little vacation every 3 to 6 months.
 Retire with you, 65, and then live a little bit of life and that's it.
 Right?
 You already opted out of that long time ago and decided that's not the life for you.
 You know what I mean?


TikTok

 And there's some people that don't understand because that's what they've been conditioned.
 That's the way they've been conditioned to live.
 You know?
 But that's not for you and it's okay.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you're the type of being who would rather suffer in your freedom.
 Then to have stability and conform.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, yeah, you do what's true to your heart and you genuinely get fulfillment from creating.
 Right?
 If you, all you want to do is create.
 And what you've been creating, It's been fantastic, to say the least.


TikTok

 I'm just going to put that out there, right?
 Like, we we're not going to go past that, right?
 The work damn sure speak for itself.
 Damn sure ain't mediocre.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shout out to you.
 They needed you to believe nobody would understand you because isolated people are easier to silence.
 They convinced you that your reaction was the problem.
 That telling the truth would make you look crazy, that asking for help would only prove them right.
 So you stayed quiet.
 You carried it alone, and they counted on that.
 But then you found people who recognized the pattern.


TikTok

 People who heard your story and didn't ask what you did to deserve it.
 People are understood because they had lived it too.
 They counted on your silence.
 They never planned for survivors to find each other.
 You don't have to survive this alone.
 Not anymore.
 Yes, their heart is being softened, their intentions are being refined, and their understanding of love is becoming deeper than it has ever been before.
 God is working on both sides, not just yours.


TikTok

 He is preparing two lives to come together in a way that reflects patience, respect, and genuine care.
 There may be moments when you feel uncertain when your thoughts try to return to old patterns of doubt.
 That is natural, because your heart has experienced things that taught it to be cautious, but this is not the same as what you have known before.
 God does not repeat cycles that brought you pain.
 He breaks those cycles and replaces them with something that brings healing and stability.


TikTok

 As you continue forward, you will begin to notice small signs that confirm what your spirit already feels.
 These signs will not always be dramatic, sometimes they will come in simple moments, in quiet conversations, in the way your heart feels at ease without effort.
 These are the ways God speaks gently, reminding you that you are on the right path without overwhelming you.
 The connection between you and this person is not built on urgency.


TikTok

 It is built on understanding.
 It grows steadily, like something that has been planted carefully and is now beginning to take root.
 This kind of growth does not fade quickly.
 It becomes stronger over time, gaining depth with each passing day.
 There is something important you are learning through this experience.
 You are learning that love does not have to feel unstable to be real.
 It does not have to come with fear to be meaningful.


TikTok

 God's kind of love brings a sense of security that allows you to breathe freely.
 It allows you to be yourself without fear of being misunderstood or rejected.
 Type 1111 if you trust in God.
 There may be people around you who do not understand what is happening.
 They may look at the situation and try to define it based on their own beliefs or expectations.
 But they do not see what God sees.
 They do not feel what he has placed within your heart.


TikTok

 Their perspective is limited, but God's vision is complete.
 You are not called to live according to the opinions of others.
 You are called to walk in alignment with what God has placed within you.
 When he ordains something, it carries a purpose that goes beyond what others can see.
 It is not about proving anything to anyone.
 It is about trusting what has been written for you.
 This person's love for you is not built on surface attraction.


X

Guess who's back?


Microphone

mommy.
 Man, I'm round the pool. Table movement for animals.
 Oh, great.
 Stay back, Snowdrop. But, get out, you three guys.
 I visit is the snow I see you lying around, right?
 Okay, sweet, monkey, sweet. Yes, it.
 Next the lady.
 Tonight


Microphone

 Oh, my.
 Hey, Monkey, fat Butt Pop.
 And get this going.
 Hello, let's go see the cooka box.
 Come along, Snowdrop.
 Wow.
 Mm
 Here's now my granny!
 This episode is cool, granny.
 Thanks, Joe, you picked up some things for dinner, Rita.


Microphone

 What was that? Janet?
 The shop's Cl is free down.
 Potterter?
 I said the show's closed.
 Don't worry about her, love.
 I didn't look who buy me.
 Sorry,
 Where are the things?
 Look, I think it's festival.
 Janet, wake up.
 Just having a nana nap, love?
 I cannot find any bites.
 What have you got there?


Microphone

 Oh, not see.
 Hey, you have to pay for those fees.
 Rita!
 I smell from my baby.
 Hey, sorry, you have to fly properly.
 You know how they do what gries do.
 Gries don't lost.
 They do.


Microphone

 Please come here.
 Oh, you dad ting gone?
 Dad.
 Bingo!
 Oh!
 That was a hard one.
 Dad, Dad.
 Exactly, yes.
 What's that?
 It's first re B be hard.
 Oh, wow.
 He's a building, and his baby's small.
 Oh, this is my dad.
 He's not actually real.
 He's a puppet, he has to find his sister. Okay. Hi, boss.


Microphone

 Nice to meet you.
 Well, let's get you back home and show you around.
 This little piggy went to market, and this little piggy stone...
 Hey, no, I didn't.
 I'm coming too.
 Check this out, we're gone.
 The two fairy with a special sticker on here.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 That's the question.
 Hmm, that is a question.


Microphone

 And question.
 Hey!
 In me.
 box.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 I don't know.
 Can you come and help me?
 Yes.
 Mum, can I go and help Lily?
 Sure thing.
 Indie.
 I'll keep an eye on him.
 Honey!


Microphone

 Yeah, it's hello.
 Wow.
 I get one?
 Yeah, I do.
 But... Piny ride!
 Excuse me.
 What's that one?
 Hey?
 Her name's Business.
 Aww.
 And what's that one say?
 Bye, baby.
 Aw. I really, really want to write my note.
 Every we ride one this week.


Microphone

 Okay, honey.
 Not you yet.
 Okay, Amy.
 Aw, sorry, honey, but you don't have enough money for two rides.
 Oh, I only want to go if Amy can come.
 It's okay, Bluey.
 Always here.
 I think I changed my mind.
 Well, I you a good friend.
 Yes, honey baby.
 Goodbye
 You're so good.
 Okay, let's go.


Microphone

You're watching this right now because you have to get a manifestation.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are capable of manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 I don't know what you were trying to do.
 I don't know what you were trying to accomplish.
 I don't know that place that you're trying to reach right now.
 Whatever you're going through.
 This has reached you because you will not stop.
 And it's time for you to keep going.


TikTok

 Do not stop.
 what you are trying to accomplish, what you are setting out to do.
 Do not stop.
 It is your time.
 The only thing is now that you must start to manifest.
 And it's time for you to manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 You are worthy, you are the chosen one.
 This has reached you because you have these capabilities.
 The universe has called you.
 The universe has called onto you, upon you.


TikTok

 Are you seeing the numbers 111-222-3333?
 444555, 11, 11, 10, 10.
 All of these numbers are signs.
 All these numbers are signs that you must continue, your journey, you must continue what you are trying to accomplish.
 You are right there.
 You are so close.
 But now you must manifest it.
 This is your son.


TikTok

 This is your time to let you know that you can manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 But I need you to know.
 Do not let negativity, negative thinking, exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let doubt exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let low vibrational thoughts exist in your subconscious.


TikTok

 This is what's stopping you from reaching that goal, that place that you're trying to reach.
 You must, must create positive affirmations and raise your level of vibration in your subconscience.
 This is how you manifest.
 You must block out negativity immediately as soon as it hits your subconscious in your brain and you think about it, block it out immediately and replace it with positive affirmations, positive thoughts.


TikTok

 You are worthy of success.
 Say it.
 I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day.
 Say this to yourself.
 I am the master of my destiny.
 You are the master of your destiny. Through faith, thought, and decision you will create an abundance.
 I am the master of my destiny, through faith, thought, and decision I'm creating.
 Some joy.


TikTok

 I will create an abundance of happiness.
 I will create an abundance of love.
 I will create an abundance of opportunity.
 I will create an abundance of success.
 I will create an abundance of appreciation for love, appreciation for life.
 I will create an abundance of generational wealth for me and my family.
 This is what you must replace when you have negative thoughts and you doubt yourself.


TikTok

 This is what you must replace your subconscious.
 Raise your hop, raise your vibrations right now.
 Things are about to change for you because this has reached you and it's time for you to manifest.
 You are the chosen one.
 You have always been chosen.
 But doubt, negativity, negative thinking.
 Doubting yourself.
 This is this is what has been stopping you from reaching that place that you're trying to reach, that goal you are trying to reach.


TikTok

 Replace it with positive affirmations.
 Say, I will persist until I prevail.
 You will persist until you prevail.
 That means nothing will stop you from manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 Once you realize and understand that you are the master of your destiny, and what you create and what you put out, when you become one, when your thoughts become one with the universe.
 You will manifest, you will manifest, and life will turn, turn for the good.


TikTok

 Things will go your way.
 things will start to go your way.
 Keep negative thoughts out of your subconscience and your mind.
 Continue to feed your subconscious with positive affirmations.
 Create abundance.
 You are the master of your destiny.
 You are worthy of success.
 Say I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day and you will create opportunity.
 It is your time, it's time for you to start manifesting whatever it is that your heart desire.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are the chosen one.
 You are the chosen one.
 And it is time to create generational wealth, to bring, create abundance of love, joy, happiness.
 I don't know what you're going through.
 If you're going through depression, manifest, manifest joy, manifest happiness.
 Manifest whatever your heart desire, you are capable of doing this.
 You are the chosen one.


TikTok

 Turn your life around right now.
 Start to manifest.
 You are worthy.
 You are worthy, persistent till you prevailed, do not let nothing stop you and block out negativity, block out doubt, do not doubt yourself no more.
 You are right there.
 You're about to accomplish everything that you set out to accomplish.
 Because you are the chosen one.
 In neuroscience with something called selective attention.
 Your brain is filled.


TikTok

bits of information at every second.
 You only consciously experience a very tiny fraction of that.
 So what determines what gets through?
 If your expectations, your beliefs, your focus.
 So in other words, your brain is what's literally editing reality before you ever even experience it.
 Now, when you really, really think about that, if you're constantly focused on what's missing in your brain, it becomes a machine designed to find more evidence of what is missing.
 Because reality changed because you're filter did.


TikTok

 Spiritually, you hear people say things like what you focus on expands.
 And science proves to us that neuropathways strengthened with repetition.
 again, it's the exact same thing.
 It's just a different language.
 This is exactly why simple things, like a gratitude journal.
 They're not convincing the universe to bless you.
 What it helps you do is reprogram the filter through which you experience reality.
 Once the filter changes, then your decisions change, your opportunities change, your behavior changes, your entire outlook changes, then eventually your reality changes.


TikTok

 And that's not necessarily because things like a gratitude journal are magical, although I believe they are, because your attention is powerful.
 Your attention is magical, and having things like a gratitude journal help direct your attention.
 This manifestation journal is a great journal to get you just focused in with your attention because that will actually change your reality.
 I linked it for you here if you want to check it out and don't forget to follow me for more science and spirituality and all things working with the field so that we can continue to actively change our realities together.


TikTok

 The chosen ones are in contact with extraterrestrial entities.
 This is a quick message.
 From the universe, chosen one.
 As you look back on your life, chosen one, and you look into now, I bet you, you, you know, you're starting to gain more understanding.
 You're starting to gain, um, More knowledge of what you are.


TikTok

 Why you're here?
 You're starting to understand that you are an extraterrestrial origin, consciousness.
 And you're starting to understand that how this works is.
 You know, you're starting to understand that the consciousness is everything, right?
 This body inch physical form.
 You're starting to understand that you incarnated here for a specific person purpose.
 See, you came back to save the world, chosen.
 You came here to save this reality.


TikTok

 You came here to help humankind.
 to help humanity in a different type of way.
 And this is why you've been under heavy attack by these people or these entities who wish to keep humanity in bondage.
 And you came here as someone to help lift the consciousness and not only that, um, and this message is for, The chosen who are the reminders, the ones who are actively getting online, putting out these, uh, uh, downloads and it's 1000000s and 1000000s of people doing this.


TikTok

 I don't care if you got a big following.
 I don't care if 20 people watching shit.
 It doesn't matter.
 And if you are someone who has these downloads or resonate and you're not, and you're not, um, or resonates with this message and you're not doing your part, bro.
 Get on the internet and start speaking your truth.
 Like, I really encourage and recommend that if you are some spiritual person and there are things and downloads that are coming to you on a daily basis, you're having these realizations about life, about a lot of shit.


TikTok

 Please do your part and share it online, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, fucking YouTube, whatever.
 Twitch, kick.
 I don't give a fuck.
 I need to see you guys doing this and I'm encouraging you to do it because this is why you came here.
 Chosen one.
 This message is for anyone who can resonate.
 You're in contact with extraterrestrial beings.


TikTok

 And you have always been in contact with these extraterrestrial beings.
 Your whole freaking life, because you are an extraterrestrial.
 Now, a lot of times when we say you're in contact with extraterrestrial beings, people will start to think that I'm saying that, you know, green ain't men done came down and nah, man, it's a mind thing.
 See, some of you have this orb when you close your eyes and this ain't going to be for everybody.


TikTok

 everybody ain't got this.
 But to the ones that do, you ain't got to leave it in the comments.
 I mean, you can, if you ain't scared, if you say, man, I got the orb, whatever, whatever.
 But we understand that, you know, they monitor this shit.
 They monitor my content.
 They read the comments, and it's why I encourage you guys.
 Yo, I'm gonna say this again.
 If you want to link in with me, if you really want to talk to Jay, It does cost $75.
 It is an energy shade, but if you want to tap in with me, you want to get your story out there, you want to get close and personal, you want to get my contact.


TikTok

 You want to just be able to link in with me?
 Pay the fee, tap in.
 75, we on FaceTime.
 We chop it up for, you know, I don't even really put a time on this thing.
 At least 30 minutes.
 Right?
 But tap in, get the call, man.
 If that's something you want to do.
 Remember, we are in the Matrix.
 I do need to eat just like you.
 We all got bills.
 I know there's this bullshit about, oh, you're spiritual.
 You shouldn't, you should be homeless.
 You shouldn't get paid.
 Right.
 But I ain't on that.


TikTok

 Fuck what these niggas talking about.
 We understand in the Matrix, everything costs.
 You want to tap in, tap in?
 Now, You've been in contact with extraterrestrial your whole life.
 And I'm going to show you ways that they contact you.
 But if you got the orb, right, there's this orb in your mind when you close your eyes and it transforms into things.
 And if you lay back and you focus on it for an hour, you meditate on it, you'll see, it'll transform.
 It'll show you the whole life creation story.
 It'll transform into different creatures, different entities, different life forms.


TikTok

 And all of these entities, these life forms are connected to you, chosen one.
 But beyond the orb, right?
 Because this orb, A lot of us are just now noticing that we have it.
 We wasn't even, we ain't had this unlocked our whole life.
 This is something that's unlocked in the last five, 6 years for a lot of people.
 Right?
 Now, Beyond the orb chosen one, how you know you, these aliens are in contact with you or these ETs.


TikTok

 Which is really your family, which is really you, where you're from.
 Sensations are floating while you're asleep.
 A lot of y'all didn't have weird dreams and, you know, you would be asleep and you'll feel yourself floating physically.
 I've experienced this more than once in my life.
 Another thing to know that, you know, when they're in contact with you, when you're stargazing, and then your eyes catch a random star and it starts to move.


TikTok

 You start to watch the stars move.
 I've seen that.
 You've seen that.
 This is contact.
 And for a lot of you, you literally see the pyramid ship.
 The pyramidship is following you around 24 fucking 7 chosen one.
 And it's because you are an extraterrestrial, but it gets deeper.
 Some of you are so tapped in and so guided and so a part of this extraterrestrial invasion that it has been happening on this planet to take it back, right?


TikTok

 Because this was our planet before it was these entities that have the world in low vibration.
 This was our shit 1st and we're just coming back to take it back.
 We left. And now we're back.
 We want our shit.
 Right?
 And so, What you got to understand, man?
 A lot of y'all have the ability to tap in with these people in your mind and even allow these entities or extraterrestrial to experience the physical through your eyes.


TikTok

 Um, by letting your body be used as a vessel.
 And a lot of y'all have done this and a lot of y'all, when y'all was in these honey trap situations, whatever, whatever, you know, these ETs will come and say, yo, man, you know what I'm saying?
 Boy, we're going to put you on game about the honey trap and be like, man, let me, you know what I'm saying?
 And a lot of y'all, man, a lot of y'all, bro.
 Y'all have allowed these entities or these entities share your vessel sometimes.
 Sometimes as you, sometimes you can go sit down and let the entity do the work.


TikTok

 And I know that sounds kind of crazy.
 People would classify that as split personality disorder or some crazy shit, but it's not, man.
 You're not crazy chosen one.
 This is a real thing and I'm just confirming how this situation works.
 You have the ability to let entities that are on ships in this world right now, see the world through your eyes.
 A lot of you have made it through situations that you would have never made it through.


TikTok

 Had you not let, uh, an entity control your vessel to see and maneuver through this shit?
 A lot of y'all, man.
 So, I need you to understand, you're in real contact with these ETs and you're a part of this war.
 You are a part of the invasion.
 You are not a human being.
 You are extraterrestrial consciousness that has incarnated as a human being in this time on a mission.
 And you need to figure out your part.


TikTok

 And if you don't understand your part, man, make sure you tap in with me live.
 I'm always live every day, 630 ET on YouTube, Facebook, or TikTok.
 630 ET AM and then again around 330 p.m.
 Tap in with me on my lives if you've never seen that, where we break down this Matrix.
 We talk about things like this, chosen one.
 But yeah, man, shout out to everybody.


TikTok

 Listen, this shit is real.
 You're really going through that, man.
 If you are on my YouTube, man, thank you for your subscription.
 If you like this video, and don't forget to join my members.
 If you join my members, you will get exclusive content where we talk about more shit like this.
 Remember only videos.
 I already need those jewels.
 But yeah, it chose one.
 You are a part of this extraterrestrial invasion.
 Hold up real quick, love one.


TikTok

 You gotta match the level from a distance.
 Just matching fillers only have you blind in your existence.
 And I'm finna speak to her today, loved one.
 First of all, how you doing today?
 Oh, we woke up with that energy just flowing.
 Hey, and the light dimmers out there, starting to dim your light.
 I was sitting thinking, like, man, why you want to damn the light and be in a dart?
 You need to see to move.


TikTok

 I don't really get that.
 That's why we can never be mad at the light, Demmus.
 We just trying to show them the way.
 And them family members, that it be hard to let go of. You know, we back on that topic, love them from a distance.
 Because matching fill is only how you blind to your existence.
 We don't match the feelings.
 We don't match the vibes.
 Just because you low vibration, we don't scoop low with you.


TikTok

 And sometimes we express ourselves aggressively.
 But it's not anger.
 And, of course, the low vibration of people when the gaslights you.
 And sometimes it's passive aggress




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-01 21:52
DATA: TikTok

 Okay, refreshing our lives.
 It's new.
 This is new.
 And it's literally like, this is a bag, um, it's like a little bag.
 She has of the fruits and the fruits are pouring over, but I, it feels like an eye.
 That's on her back.
 It's almost like, this energy of, you don't have to even be too, you don't have to be too cautious because the boundaries are already set.
 The foundation is already set.
 Like, she is, she is carrying that basket, but she's, like, happily, happily talking to her neighbor, chatting with the neighbor across the fence.


TikTok

 Maybe even her husband.
 Who knows?
 But the energy is peaceful, it's kind, and it is intentionally curated.
 And the times, a feeling alone and broken are over because you are building a community where you know you'll be safe.
 You have been safe.


TikTok

 You're learning what safety feels like.
 You're already standing on this ground.
 You already have, like, the coins are overflowing in the back.
 The children are playing in the background. The dog is out there like everybody's at peace.
 And then we have the 401.
 Just, like, it is, it is your, it is your work.
 It is your consistency to approach each challenge with the idea, whether this is the forethought, the afterthought, the subconscious thought, the conscious, whatever it is, you approach every situation with no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.


TikTok

 If this ain't the life that I saw and envisioned for myself to live, this can't be the end.
 So I know I'm gonna make it through this.
 And that's the energy you need to have about every fucking thing.
 And the fact that you have held onto that, even through where you started, is why you're, it's 111 PM right now.
 is exactly why you are going to find yourself winning again and again and again in this new place that you have created for your fucking self.
 I'm so fucking proud of you.
 I love you.


TikTok

 I hope this was helpful, go be great.
 And if it hits, send a tip.
 Chosen ones do not play.
 Chosen ones are kind.
 I'm going to start with the positive 1st and this one, we'll get to you.
 Chose ones are diplomatic.
 We know how to de-escalate situation.
 We are people who will at times go above and beyond, very tolerant, right?
 I mean more so than the average person.
 Self-control, all of the above home training.
 Well, Mama told his grandma, whatever you want to call it, right?
 We got all of that.


TikTok

 But with all there comes this this dark side, people not ready for.
 Because I tell you one thing about people like us, people like me, people like you, were kind, we're diplomatic, but we do not play.
 Once you disrespect after I've done all of that, oh, I know something wrong with you.
 That's obvious, because I've already been kind to you.
 I been nice to you.
 You gonna do me like this?
 It's over.
 So we are men and women who do not play.
 Do not take a chosen man and woman's kindness for weakness.
 It is a gift.
 You hear me?
 And once you take that for a weakness and use that person or disrespect them or disregard them, don't be surprised when you hear the footprints.


TikTok

 and they're gone.
 You will lose a good woman.
 You will lose a good man by taking them for granted.
 Stop taking good people for rent, what I'm trying to say.
 When a person is being nice to you, see it as a gift.
 It's not a weakness because they can switch girls on you and you won't know who you're dealing with.
 Collective, if only you knew what you was supposed to be.
 You broke a stigma that was unfairly placed on you. And the thing about this stigma is it was supposed to lead you to a specific outcome.


TikTok

 Right now, somebody is, somebody is in shocking and horror, but somebody is amazed.
 It's like almost, let's say they didn't believe in God, but then there's you.
 You broke past something that broke everybody else that faced it.
 Or what I was getting is, they became comfortable in a dark place.
 A lot of the things that you've been through, people haven't even been through a fraction of it, but it was enough to make them settle in a dark place to get comfortable and to just accept their dark place.


TikTok

 Like if, you know, if they ended up in life fire, there will I just be fired and I'll just be broke and I'll just be a bum and that's it.
 Life is over.
 Like some people have literally decided that the stigma ends them, right?
 But listen to this, though.
 This is what a stigma is.
 A strong, often unfair, negative attitude, belief or social disapproval.
 It's based on perceived differences.
 As I told y'all before, people look at the chosen and be like, man, they they're different.
 So they're wrong.
 You're not wrong.


TikTok

 You're different.
 People have different mindsets, mindsets which create different perceptions of how they see things, how they view things, their experience, shapes, how they see things.
 They haven't had your experiences, baby, and they haven't even, for some of them, come close and those experiences shape them to give up.
 Now, there are some people who watched you go through things they could never even imagine.
 You are being seen as someone who has such a great sense of self and also a great sense of direction collective.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Though, people just seem to be very much so confused about which direction you are going in, why you are going in that direction.
 And what drove you or what motivated you or what is your, what are your whys as to why are you going in the direction that you are going in?
 Because collective everything about you is very much unorthodox.
 The path that you are walking, the things that you are doing that are applicable toward the path that you are walking.


TikTok

 how you are being of service because you already know being of service will serve to be very much so purposeful, not only to be of service to thyself, but especially to be of service to God's source to big cheese, if you please, to do your part in the midst of co-creation.
 You did what I'm saying, baby.
 I am talking about all of your heart.
 And one thing about you, baby boo, is that you are absolutely going to do everything with all your heart because you already know for sure that the way you do anything is absolutely the way that you do every motherfucking me thing.
 You dig what I'm saying.


TikTok

 However, you are so imperceptible, so paradoxical that hell, people don't even know how to take you.
 You you aren't the type of person that people can can really recognize too much patterns in.
 The only patterns that people are able to really perceive or really pinpoint about you collective are the patterns of consistency, of discipline.
 You did what I'm saying?
 Of peace and serendipitous, jolly and jovial, good cheer, and you did what I was saying, spread, joy, and cheer to those who have eyes to see and ears to hear.


TikTok

 Hell, even those that, even when they, they, you know, cast aspersions that you should, you don't even cash your pearls upon swine, baby.
 You just knock the motherfucking meat dust up off your feet and you keep that shit pushing. Like it ain't nobody business, baby.
 I'm talking about God as my witness, but you better believe you, motherfucking me.
 A lot of people are bearing witness to this journey that you are on.
 This heroic escapade that you have embarked on, baby.
 And it's making them want to do the same on their own behalf, on their own accord.
 You dig what I'm saying, whatever that looks like for them.
 Who knows?


TikTok

 But either way, they're finding so much resonance with your story, with your passion, with the way that you are walking a path or your motherfucking me purpose, baby.
 And they are able to tell that you have this ironclad confidence in conjunction with ironclad convictions that that just keep you going and keep you keeping on like a motherfucker.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 Plus your amplified faith.
 Ooh, for you know for sure that you can absolutely walk through the motherfucking meat valley out of shadow of Death Collective, and never fear any evil, because God sores the big cheese, if you please, is absolutely walking, lock in step with you, I, they, them, and whatever the fuck anybody identifies as.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying, but either way, This is why people just see you as so mythical, like a Pegasus or Minotaur.
 You dig what I'm saying, a siren, if you will, which is why people feel so called to you, to your journey.
 They feel as if there is something that is luring them in.
 And then also at the same time, there are those who want to part of a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to share an immediate proximity with you and be on the receiving end of your love and allegiance, Big Pippin, but have since squandered it.


TikTok

 They are very much so in this reminiscent energy, ruminating over past transgressions, ruminating over certain things that they said, certain actions that they took, or the lack thereof.
 And believe you meet collective, they are, they are yearning.
 They are longing for your energy.
 And they would give anything, just for a morsel.
 A ink link, uh, a grunian of your time.
 You dig what I'm saying, collective.
 Because they had the greatest motherfucking meat luxury of being able to really get up close and personal to you and being able to have the greatest motherfucking meat luxury to be able to really pick your mind and to, you know, really receive this, this, these gems and jewels and knowledge of free game that you would oftentime just drop casually.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you were always so supportive.
 You were always so encouraging.
 You dig what I'm saying, and that's another reason why people are watching you.
 That's another reason why people are supporting you, encouraging you, because they know for show, without a motherfucking me doubt that you would do the same, that you do do the same.
 You did what I'm saying, especially by way of consistency, by way of consideration.
 Being consistently considerate.
 But either way, collective, and that's why those same people from your past, they they would wish that they could just have a conversation with you.


TikTok

 Just one more.
 Or hell, they would like to try to creep back in because you are so ironclad on your boundaries that they wouldn't dare step near your motherfucking me toe over where you have the line drawn at in the sand.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 But they they want to see if you will bend or if you will break on your boundaries, you know, maybe like you would have done in past times.
 You did what I was saying.
 And not as if that's what they expect you to do.
 However, you have grown so much and they have stayed stagnant for so long that they are still associating you with the old version of yourself that they once knew.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 So it don't even matter if, even if they get further, do a further review from you, from the person that you are now, either way, you could have a conversation with them.
 You could, either way, they're still going to try to associate you with that version of yourself that they once had.
 You did what I'm saying that you once were.
 And because of that, that means that they aren't going to really hold you in consideration.
 Maybe they'll play, act, and, you know, be remorseful and act as if they've turned over a new leaf initially.


TikTok

 But that shit will quickly dissipate after they feel as if they've gained your trust or, you know, your confidence in them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 But one thing about you, collective is that, hell, once motherfuckers do some fraudulent weird ass shit, or you start to feel as if they operating with this weird ass energy, you 86 them.
 You get them gone.
 Or hell, you just get the fuck from around them.
 Sometimes people grow apart.
 It is what it is.
 And hell, you just let bygones be bygones.
 You did what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Bye.
 Gone
 straight like that.
 And, you know, a lot of people actually respect that.
 Even those who once upon a motherfucking time used to have the greatest motherfucking beat luxury of being able to truly share an immediate proximity with you collective.
 They gotta respect it, and they do.
 But... They just, they wish they could get in where they fit in once more, but no more.
 You did what I'm saying.
 Plus, they see, you know, the heights that you are ascending to.
 They see how you are so rooted in purpose and passion.


TikTok

 They see that, um, baby, you well on your way, and you're absolutely making it do what they do in the only way that you can.
 And they know this for show. And they always knew that you were capable.
 You did what I'm saying.
 They just wish that they could be complicit within being able to say that they had something to do with your victories, with your triumphs.
 You did what I'm saying, with your accomplishments, with your accolades.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 especially because now they feel like they're on the wrong side of history.
 And I mean, not in a real motherfucking way.


TikTok

 They feel like they've squandered something that could have been beautiful, beneficial.
 Oh, well, you dig what I'm saying.
 Shit.
 Fuck them.
 You know, ain't no, you know, no, no ill will, ill intent to them, but fuck them.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And really, you just focus on those who have eyes to see you, ears to hear your messages or whatever.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 And you just let the rest fall in place, how it needs to.


TikTok

 You're not going to try to control or dictate how things play out.
 You are just going to do your part in the process.
 Ah, and then you will ultimately have control how things play out.
 You did what I'm saying, especially when you go about controlling how you go about reacting in any set of circumstances.
 That's another thing that makes you very much so unpredictable and perceptible, paradoxical.
 You dig what I'm saying?
 So, yeah, collective, just know for sure, baby, that people see that you're absolutely going up, up, upity.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And there are a lot of people want to cozy up too.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 They want to, you know, reach some type of acquaintanceship and, you know, gain some type of rapport, bit on top of it to see if there is something more.
 You dig what I'm saying.
 And, you know, that's all beautiful, nice and hunky-dory and shit.
 And I know you have enough discernment to know as much as such, who is for you, what is for you, who has good intentions for you, who has ill will, who possesses ill will, or any of that shit.
 You do what I'm saying.
 But a lot of people, they want to see my opportunistic.
 You dig what I'm saying, but they want to align themselves with you.


TikTok

 They want to be in alliance with you, because they are able to tell that you are the type of person that should be aligned with, because you are in alignment, and you are on your assignment, baby.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 And that is why you are receiving so much divine favor.
 That's why people look at you like a fucking mythical being, an alien, something celestial, because you are governed by divine law.
 You did what I'm saying.
 You are, you are the pinnacle of, of what it looks like to be or what it is to be enigmatic.


TikTok

 You dig what I'm saying?
 Hmm.
 Baby, you are polarizing, to say the least.
 So, yeah, baby, I love me, so you, baby boo, have a great motherfucking day.
 Mm, mm, mm.
 God bless you.
 Love you, love yours, stay safe, be of service, stay dangerous.
 This message is for you.
 You have 0 clue who you are in the spirit realm.
 And that's not an insult.
 That's the setup.
 You wake up every day thinking that this version of you is the whole story.


TikTok

 Job, phone, problems, bills, expectations, labels that they slapped on you early and never bothered to remove.
 You scroll, you laugh, you survive, you adapt, you tell yourself that this is normal.
 Everybody's tired.
 Everybody's stressed and everybody's confused.
 But deep down, deep, way down.
 You've always known that something doesn't add up.
 Because you don't just feel lost.
 You feel out of place.
 Like you're a high powered machine dropped in to beginner mode.


TikTok

 Like your memory got wiped on purpose.
 Like your soul walked into this life with a blindfold on and instructions were conveniently missing.
 And you keep asking yourself why certain things hit you harder than they should.
 Why justice makes your chest burn, while you can smell fake from a mile away, while solitude feels safer than crowds.
 But you've always felt washed and measured and studied, even when nobody was around.


TikTok

 You think that's anxiety, but they think that's awareness.
 So you don't know who you are in the spiritual realm, but they do.
 And by they, I don't mean some cartoons and villains and rogues.
 I mean, systems, hierarchies, structures, energies, people who read patterns instead of,
 It's people who study lineage and frequency and reaction, pressure, tolerance, and you know, Have you ever noticed how much resistance showed up in your life early?


TikTok

 Like the hits came fast, like too fast.
 Family chaos, sudden losses, betrayals that felt scripted, doors closing for no reason, no logical reason.
 You told yourself that you were unlucky.
 But pressure reveals quality.
 Nobody wastes opposition on someone average.
 Average people
 See, see.
 You got dragged, but still you're here.
 Still thinking and questioning and standing in rooms that you weren't expected to survive entering.


TikTok

 Still not fully controlled, even after everything that they threw at you to to dull your edge.
 And that's the part that you don't know.
 That's the part that you forgot.
 But somebody noticed.
 Because when you returned, when you came back into this world as this version of you, You didn't come empty.
 You came with residue, instincts, reflexes.
 A presence that you can't explain and that other people can't ignore.
 Have you ever said someone somewhere quietly and feel someone across the room, clock you for no reason?


TikTok

 That's not paranoia.
 That's recognition without context.
 See, your spirit knows how to stand even when your mind is unsure.
 You've always felt older than your age, huh?
 You watch people repeat things that you've already outgrown.
 Like trends don't quite hypnotize you.
 Like you can't fully commit to nonsense no matter how hard you try to blend in.
 You tried.
 You tried being normal, but your soul keeps side eyeing the whole operation.


TikTok

 Because you didn't return to forget, not forever.
 You return under constraint, and that's the part that messes with people.
 You don't wake up knowing the truth.
 You wake up sensing it. And flashes and discomfort and that low hum behind your thoughts that says, this isn't all there is.
 In moments where your patience runs out, for the things that everyone else tolerates easily, and in that urge to burn your old self down and rebuild without asking for permission.


TikTok

 They know who you are because they've seen this pattern before, the, the, the, The ones with dangerous depth, the ones who look calm until they're not, the ones whose awakenings don't come as peace, but they come as disruption.
 They know people like you don't move fast, but when you move, Structures wobble.
 And that's why confusion surrounds you.
 Fog is strategic.
 You think it's accidental that you've had to, you've had to piece yourself together with no manual that nobody really ever explained you to yourself.


TikTok

 The guidance only came half clear.
 Because clarity triggers remembrance and remembrance changes posture, imposture, changes power dynamics.
 And some balances are very comfortable the way that they are.
 So you're giving distractions instead.
 Trauma loops, self-doubt, overthinking, labels that lower expectations, voices that tell you to calm down, be realistic, stay in your lane.
 Meanwhile, your spirit keeps pacing like a caged animal.


TikTok

 Checking the bars, waiting for the click that it recognizes.
 And yeah, you don't know who you are in the spirit realm.
 But you feel the weight of it.
 You feel it when you refuse to bow internally.
 Even when you comply externally.
 When you play the game just enough to survive, but never enough to surrender.
 When you laugh with people who don't know you, knowing if you ever show them the real depth, it would scare them.
 When you sense timelines branching, and you realize small decisions feel heavier for you than for others.


TikTok

 That's because your return wasn't casual.
 Some people reincarnate to experience.
 others return to intervene.
 And right now, you're walking around with the, with, with, with the amnesia part of the package thinking that the confusion is the problem.
 Not realizing that it's the cover.
 The delay isn't punishment.
 It's training under pressure.
 It's seasoning.
 It's learning restraint before remembering capacity.


TikTok

 Takes place.
 You don't need to to, listen, they've been watching how you handle disappointment.
 and how you treat power when you don't have it yet.
 How you talk to yourself when nobody's clapping.
 How you respond when the world keeps testing the strength that you didn't constantly or consciously set up to demonstrate.
 Listen family.
 You're very different.
 You're very different.


TikTok

 Very, very different.
 Everybody knows.
 You know it, they know it.
 We all know it.
 So keep going.
 I need you to understand that you need to be aware of people projecting their insecurities onto you in this season, okay?
 Remember this.
 You are a person that are empowered right now, okay?


TikTok

 And you're projecting a lot of empowerment, which that is amazing, okay?
 And you're operating in so much confidence and security.
 All right, that is going to trigger a lot of people in this season that are low vibrational, that are operating in a very low vibrational way.
 and chose to be small minded and not expand their capacity, not expand their nervous system to hold more like you did, okay?
 9.55 on my clock.
 They're going to make you feel, okay, that you're wrong for being successful, that you're wrong for following your dreams, that you are wrong for accomplishing and achieving your goals, okay?


TikTok

 And so just know that you're going to have people that are going to try and do that because you know why?
 Because they couldn't pray or manifest for you to fade in the shadows, to disappear, to just, you know, cease to exist.
 111 on this timestamp, but you're becoming more bolder, more visible and more louder than ever.
 Okay?
 And it's because you have a voice and you have a testimony, a story to tell.
 And just know this.


TikTok

 It's not your fault for accomplishing your goals.
 It's their fault for not trying or allowing themselves to follow their dreams.
 Yo, I ain't gonna lie, let me ask you something.
 Is there anything you can't do?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, Like, okay, Mr. Multifacity?
 Like, this is, I could do all things, like, come on now.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 People be thinking you kind of all over the place sometimes.
 Right?
 But they just don't understand.
 You're not uh,
 You're not a worker, you're a creator.
 You know what I'm saying?
 And everything you touch turns to gold, right?
 It isn't a thing you can't do.
 You can do anything you put your mind.
 That's what makes you special.
 Right?
 People are actually excited to see what's next.
 What other tricks do you have up your sleeve?
 You know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 What people call confusion, I call it depth.
 You just don't be deep enough.
 You know what I mean?
 You already told yourself, you refuse to live.
 Clocking in, working a 95.
 Drinking on the weekends, little vacation every 3 to 6 months.
 Retire with you, 65, and then live a little bit of life and that's it.
 Right?
 You already opted out of that long time ago and decided that's not the life for you.
 You know what I mean?


TikTok

 And there's some people that don't understand because that's what they've been conditioned.
 That's the way they've been conditioned to live.
 You know?
 But that's not for you and it's okay.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, yeah, you're the type of being who would rather suffer in your freedom.
 Then to have stability and conform.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, yeah, you do what's true to your heart and you genuinely get fulfillment from creating.
 Right?
 If you, all you want to do is create.
 And what you've been creating, It's been fantastic, to say the least.


TikTok

 I'm just going to put that out there, right?
 Like, we we're not going to go past that, right?
 The work damn sure speak for itself.
 Damn sure ain't mediocre.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Shout out to you.
 They needed you to believe nobody would understand you because isolated people are easier to silence.
 They convinced you that your reaction was the problem.
 That telling the truth would make you look crazy, that asking for help would only prove them right.
 So you stayed quiet.
 You carried it alone, and they counted on that.
 But then you found people who recognized the pattern.


TikTok

 People who heard your story and didn't ask what you did to deserve it.
 People are understood because they had lived it too.
 They counted on your silence.
 They never planned for survivors to find each other.
 You don't have to survive this alone.
 Not anymore.
 Yes, their heart is being softened, their intentions are being refined, and their understanding of love is becoming deeper than it has ever been before.
 God is working on both sides, not just yours.


TikTok

 He is preparing two lives to come together in a way that reflects patience, respect, and genuine care.
 There may be moments when you feel uncertain when your thoughts try to return to old patterns of doubt.
 That is natural, because your heart has experienced things that taught it to be cautious, but this is not the same as what you have known before.
 God does not repeat cycles that brought you pain.
 He breaks those cycles and replaces them with something that brings healing and stability.


TikTok

 As you continue forward, you will begin to notice small signs that confirm what your spirit already feels.
 These signs will not always be dramatic, sometimes they will come in simple moments, in quiet conversations, in the way your heart feels at ease without effort.
 These are the ways God speaks gently, reminding you that you are on the right path without overwhelming you.
 The connection between you and this person is not built on urgency.


TikTok

 It is built on understanding.
 It grows steadily, like something that has been planted carefully and is now beginning to take root.
 This kind of growth does not fade quickly.
 It becomes stronger over time, gaining depth with each passing day.
 There is something important you are learning through this experience.
 You are learning that love does not have to feel unstable to be real.
 It does not have to come with fear to be meaningful.


TikTok

 God's kind of love brings a sense of security that allows you to breathe freely.
 It allows you to be yourself without fear of being misunderstood or rejected.
 Type 1111 if you trust in God.
 There may be people around you who do not understand what is happening.
 They may look at the situation and try to define it based on their own beliefs or expectations.
 But they do not see what God sees.
 They do not feel what he has placed within your heart.


TikTok

 Their perspective is limited, but God's vision is complete.
 You are not called to live according to the opinions of others.
 You are called to walk in alignment with what God has placed within you.
 When he ordains something, it carries a purpose that goes beyond what others can see.
 It is not about proving anything to anyone.
 It is about trusting what has been written for you.
 This person's love for you is not built on surface attraction.


X

Guess who's back?


Microphone

mommy.
 Man, I'm round the pool. Table movement for animals.
 Oh, great.
 Stay back, Snowdrop. But, get out, you three guys.
 I visit is the snow I see you lying around, right?
 Okay, sweet, monkey, sweet. Yes, it.
 Next the lady.
 Tonight


Microphone

 Oh, my.
 Hey, Monkey, fat Butt Pop.
 And get this going.
 Hello, let's go see the cooka box.
 Come along, Snowdrop.
 Wow.
 Mm
 Here's now my granny!
 This episode is cool, granny.
 Thanks, Joe, you picked up some things for dinner, Rita.


Microphone

 What was that? Janet?
 The shop's Cl is free down.
 Potterter?
 I said the show's closed.
 Don't worry about her, love.
 I didn't look who buy me.
 Sorry,
 Where are the things?
 Look, I think it's festival.
 Janet, wake up.
 Just having a nana nap, love?
 I cannot find any bites.
 What have you got there?


Microphone

 Oh, not see.
 Hey, you have to pay for those fees.
 Rita!
 I smell from my baby.
 Hey, sorry, you have to fly properly.
 You know how they do what gries do.
 Gries don't lost.
 They do.


Microphone

 Please come here.
 Oh, you dad ting gone?
 Dad.
 Bingo!
 Oh!
 That was a hard one.
 Dad, Dad.
 Exactly, yes.
 What's that?
 It's first re B be hard.
 Oh, wow.
 He's a building, and his baby's small.
 Oh, this is my dad.
 He's not actually real.
 He's a puppet, he has to find his sister. Okay. Hi, boss.


Microphone

 Nice to meet you.
 Well, let's get you back home and show you around.
 This little piggy went to market, and this little piggy stone...
 Hey, no, I didn't.
 I'm coming too.
 Check this out, we're gone.
 The two fairy with a special sticker on here.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 That's the question.
 Hmm, that is a question.


Microphone

 And question.
 Hey!
 In me.
 box.
 Wow.
 What are you gonna spend it on?
 I don't know.
 Can you come and help me?
 Yes.
 Mum, can I go and help Lily?
 Sure thing.
 Indie.
 I'll keep an eye on him.
 Honey!


Microphone

 Yeah, it's hello.
 Wow.
 I get one?
 Yeah, I do.
 But... Piny ride!
 Excuse me.
 What's that one?
 Hey?
 Her name's Business.
 Aww.
 And what's that one say?
 Bye, baby.
 Aw. I really, really want to write my note.
 Every we ride one this week.


Microphone

 Okay, honey.
 Not you yet.
 Okay, Amy.
 Aw, sorry, honey, but you don't have enough money for two rides.
 Oh, I only want to go if Amy can come.
 It's okay, Bluey.
 Always here.
 I think I changed my mind.
 Well, I you a good friend.
 Yes, honey baby.
 Goodbye
 You're so good.
 Okay, let's go.


Microphone

You're watching this right now because you have to get a manifestation.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are capable of manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 I don't know what you were trying to do.
 I don't know what you were trying to accomplish.
 I don't know that place that you're trying to reach right now.
 Whatever you're going through.
 This has reached you because you will not stop.
 And it's time for you to keep going.


TikTok

 Do not stop.
 what you are trying to accomplish, what you are setting out to do.
 Do not stop.
 It is your time.
 The only thing is now that you must start to manifest.
 And it's time for you to manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 You are worthy, you are the chosen one.
 This has reached you because you have these capabilities.
 The universe has called you.
 The universe has called onto you, upon you.


TikTok

 Are you seeing the numbers 111-222-3333?
 444555, 11, 11, 10, 10.
 All of these numbers are signs.
 All these numbers are signs that you must continue, your journey, you must continue what you are trying to accomplish.
 You are right there.
 You are so close.
 But now you must manifest it.
 This is your son.


TikTok

 This is your time to let you know that you can manifest whatever it is that your heart desire.
 But I need you to know.
 Do not let negativity, negative thinking, exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let doubt exist in your subconscious.
 Do not let low vibrational thoughts exist in your subconscious.


TikTok

 This is what's stopping you from reaching that goal, that place that you're trying to reach.
 You must, must create positive affirmations and raise your level of vibration in your subconscience.
 This is how you manifest.
 You must block out negativity immediately as soon as it hits your subconscious in your brain and you think about it, block it out immediately and replace it with positive affirmations, positive thoughts.


TikTok

 You are worthy of success.
 Say it.
 I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day.
 Say this to yourself.
 I am the master of my destiny.
 You are the master of your destiny. Through faith, thought, and decision you will create an abundance.
 I am the master of my destiny, through faith, thought, and decision I'm creating.
 Some joy.


TikTok

 I will create an abundance of happiness.
 I will create an abundance of love.
 I will create an abundance of opportunity.
 I will create an abundance of success.
 I will create an abundance of appreciation for love, appreciation for life.
 I will create an abundance of generational wealth for me and my family.
 This is what you must replace when you have negative thoughts and you doubt yourself.


TikTok

 This is what you must replace your subconscious.
 Raise your hop, raise your vibrations right now.
 Things are about to change for you because this has reached you and it's time for you to manifest.
 You are the chosen one.
 You have always been chosen.
 But doubt, negativity, negative thinking.
 Doubting yourself.
 This is this is what has been stopping you from reaching that place that you're trying to reach, that goal you are trying to reach.


TikTok

 Replace it with positive affirmations.
 Say, I will persist until I prevail.
 You will persist until you prevail.
 That means nothing will stop you from manifesting whatever it is that your heart desires.
 Once you realize and understand that you are the master of your destiny, and what you create and what you put out, when you become one, when your thoughts become one with the universe.
 You will manifest, you will manifest, and life will turn, turn for the good.


TikTok

 Things will go your way.
 things will start to go your way.
 Keep negative thoughts out of your subconscience and your mind.
 Continue to feed your subconscious with positive affirmations.
 Create abundance.
 You are the master of your destiny.
 You are worthy of success.
 Say I am worthy of success.
 I create opportunity every day and you will create opportunity.
 It is your time, it's time for you to start manifesting whatever it is that your heart desire.


TikTok

 This has reached you because you are the chosen one.
 You are the chosen one.
 And it is time to create generational wealth, to bring, create abundance of love, joy, happiness.
 I don't know what you're going through.
 If you're going through depression, manifest, manifest joy, manifest happiness.
 Manifest whatever your heart desire, you are capable of doing this.
 You are the chosen one.


TikTok

 Turn your life around right now.
 Start to manifest.
 You are worthy.
 You are worthy, persistent till you prevailed, do not let nothing stop you and block out negativity, block out doubt, do not doubt yourself no more.
 You are right there.
 You're about to accomplish everything that you set out to accomplish.
 Because you are the chosen one.
 In neuroscience with something called selective attention.
 Your brain is filled.


TikTok

bits of information at every second.
 You only consciously experience a very tiny fraction of that.
 So what determines what gets through?
 If your expectations, your beliefs, your focus.
 So in other words, your brain is what's literally editing reality before you ever even experience it.
 Now, when you really, really think about that, if you're constantly focused on what's missing in your brain, it becomes a machine designed to find more evidence of what is missing.
 Because reality changed because you're filter did.


TikTok

 Spiritually, you hear people say things like what you focus on expands.
 And science proves to us that neuropathways strengthened with repetition.
 again, it's the exact same thing.
 It's just a different language.
 This is exactly why simple things, like a gratitude journal.
 They're not convincing the universe to bless you.
 What it helps you do is reprogram the filter through which you experience reality.
 Once the filter changes, then your decisions change, your opportunities change, your behavior changes, your entire outlook changes, then eventually your reality changes.


TikTok

 And that's not necessarily because things like a gratitude journal are magical, although I believe they are, because your attention is powerful.
 Your attention is magical, and having things like a gratitude journal help direct your attention.
 This manifestation journal is a great journal to get you just focused in with your attention because that will actually change your reality.
 I linked it for you here if you want to check it out and don't forget to follow me for more science and spirituality and all things working with the field so that we can continue to actively change our realities together.


TikTok

 The chosen ones are in contact with extraterrestrial entities.
 This is a quick message.
 From the universe, chosen one.
 As you look back on your life, chosen one, and you look into now, I bet you, you, you know, you're starting to gain more understanding.
 You're starting to gain, um, More knowledge of what you are.


TikTok

 Why you're here?
 You're starting to understand that you are an extraterrestrial origin, consciousness.
 And you're starting to understand that how this works is.
 You know, you're starting to understand that the consciousness is everything, right?
 This body inch physical form.
 You're starting to understand that you incarnated here for a specific person purpose.
 See, you came back to save the world, chosen.
 You came here to save this reality.


TikTok

 You came here to help humankind.
 to help humanity in a different type of way.
 And this is why you've been under heavy attack by these people or these entities who wish to keep humanity in bondage.
 And you came here as someone to help lift the consciousness and not only that, um, and this message is for, The chosen who are the reminders, the ones who are actively getting online, putting out these, uh, uh, downloads and it's 1000000s and 1000000s of people doing this.


TikTok

 I don't care if you got a big following.
 I don't care if 20 people watching shit.
 It doesn't matter.
 And if you are someone who has these downloads or resonate and you're not, and you're not, um, or resonates with this message and you're not doing your part, bro.
 Get on the internet and start speaking your truth.
 Like, I really encourage and recommend that if you are some spiritual person and there are things and downloads that are coming to you on a daily basis, you're having these realizations about life, about a lot of shit.


TikTok

 Please do your part and share it online, TikTok, Instagram, Facebook, Snapchat, Twitter, fucking YouTube, whatever.
 Twitch, kick.
 I don't give a fuck.
 I need to see you guys doing this and I'm encouraging you to do it because this is why you came here.
 Chosen one.
 This message is for anyone who can resonate.
 You're in contact with extraterrestrial beings.


TikTok

 And you have always been in contact with these extraterrestrial beings.
 Your whole freaking life, because you are an extraterrestrial.
 Now, a lot of times when we say you're in contact with extraterrestrial beings, people will start to think that I'm saying that, you know, green ain't men done came down and nah, man, it's a mind thing.
 See, some of you have this orb when you close your eyes and this ain't going to be for everybody.


TikTok

 everybody ain't got this.
 But to the ones that do, you ain't got to leave it in the comments.
 I mean, you can, if you ain't scared, if you say, man, I got the orb, whatever, whatever.
 But we understand that, you know, they monitor this shit.
 They monitor my content.
 They read the comments, and it's why I encourage you guys.
 Yo, I'm gonna say this again.
 If you want to link in with me, if you really want to talk to Jay, It does cost $75.
 It is an energy shade, but if you want to tap in with me, you want to get your story out there, you want to get close and personal, you want to get my contact.


TikTok

 You want to just be able to link in with me?
 Pay the fee, tap in.
 75, we on FaceTime.
 We chop it up for, you know, I don't even really put a time on this thing.
 At least 30 minutes.
 Right?
 But tap in, get the call, man.
 If that's something you want to do.
 Remember, we are in the Matrix.
 I do need to eat just like you.
 We all got bills.
 I know there's this bullshit about, oh, you're spiritual.
 You shouldn't, you should be homeless.
 You shouldn't get paid.
 Right.
 But I ain't on that.


TikTok

 Fuck what these niggas talking about.
 We understand in the Matrix, everything costs.
 You want to tap in, tap in?
 Now, You've been in contact with extraterrestrial your whole life.
 And I'm going to show you ways that they contact you.
 But if you got the orb, right, there's this orb in your mind when you close your eyes and it transforms into things.
 And if you lay back and you focus on it for an hour, you meditate on it, you'll see, it'll transform.
 It'll show you the whole life creation story.
 It'll transform into different creatures, different entities, different life forms.


TikTok

 And all of these entities, these life forms are connected to you, chosen one.
 But beyond the orb, right?
 Because this orb, A lot of us are just now noticing that we have it.
 We wasn't even, we ain't had this unlocked our whole life.
 This is something that's unlocked in the last five, 6 years for a lot of people.
 Right?
 Now, Beyond the orb chosen one, how you know you, these aliens are in contact with you or these ETs.


TikTok

 Which is really your family, which is really you, where you're from.
 Sensations are floating while you're asleep.
 A lot of y'all didn't have weird dreams and, you know, you would be asleep and you'll feel yourself floating physically.
 I've experienced this more than once in my life.
 Another thing to know that, you know, when they're in contact with you, when you're stargazing, and then your eyes catch a random star and it starts to move.


TikTok

 You start to watch the stars move.
 I've seen that.
 You've seen that.
 This is contact.
 And for a lot of you, you literally see the pyramid ship.
 The pyramidship is following you around 24 fucking 7 chosen one.
 And it's because you are an extraterrestrial, but it gets deeper.
 Some of you are so tapped in and so guided and so a part of this extraterrestrial invasion that it has been happening on this planet to take it back, right?


TikTok

 Because this was our planet before it was these entities that have the world in low vibration.
 This was our shit 1st and we're just coming back to take it back.
 We left. And now we're back.
 We want our shit.
 Right?
 And so, What you got to understand, man?
 A lot of y'all have the ability to tap in with these people in your mind and even allow these entities or extraterrestrial to experience the physical through your eyes.


TikTok

 Um, by letting your body be used as a vessel.
 And a lot of y'all have done this and a lot of y'all, when y'all was in these honey trap situations, whatever, whatever, you know, these ETs will come and say, yo, man, you know what I'm saying?
 Boy, we're going to put you on game about the honey trap and be like, man, let me, you know what I'm saying?
 And a lot of y'all, man, a lot of y'all, bro.
 Y'all have allowed these entities or these entities share your vessel sometimes.
 Sometimes as you, sometimes you can go sit down and let the entity do the work.


TikTok

 And I know that sounds kind of crazy.
 People would classify that as split personality disorder or some crazy shit, but it's not, man.
 You're not crazy chosen one.
 This is a real thing and I'm just confirming how this situation works.
 You have the ability to let entities that are on ships in this world right now, see the world through your eyes.
 A lot of you have made it through situations that you would have never made it through.


TikTok

 Had you not let, uh, an entity control your vessel to see and maneuver through this shit?
 A lot of y'all, man.
 So, I need you to understand, you're in real contact with these ETs and you're a part of this war.
 You are a part of the invasion.
 You are not a human being.
 You are extraterrestrial consciousness that has incarnated as a human being in this time on a mission.
 And you need to figure out your part.


TikTok

 And if you don't understand your part, man, make sure you tap in with me live.
 I'm always live every day, 630 ET on YouTube, Facebook, or TikTok.
 630 ET AM and then again around 330 p.m.
 Tap in with me on my lives if you've never seen that, where we break down this Matrix.
 We talk about things like this, chosen one.
 But yeah, man, shout out to everybody.


TikTok

 Listen, this shit is real.
 You're really going through that, man.
 If you are on my YouTube, man, thank you for your subscription.
 If you like this video, and don't forget to join my members.
 If you join my members, you will get exclusive content where we talk about more shit like this.
 Remember only videos.
 I already need those jewels.
 But yeah, it chose one.
 You are a part of this extraterrestrial invasion.
 Hold up real quick, love one.


TikTok

 You gotta match the level from a distance.
 Just matching fillers only have you blind in your existence.
 And I'm finna speak to her today, loved one.
 First of all, how you doing today?
 Oh, we woke up with that energy just flowing.
 Hey, and the light dimmers out there, starting to dim your light.
 I was sitting thinking, like, man, why you want to damn the light and be in a dart?
 You need to see to move.


TikTok

 I don't really get that.
 That's why we can never be mad at the light, Demmus.
 We just trying to show them the way.
 And them family members, that it be hard to let go of. You know, we back on that topic, love them from a distance.
 Because matching fill is only how you blind to your existence.
 We don't match the feelings.
 We don't match the vibes.
 Just because you low vibration, we don't scoop low with you.


TikTok

 And sometimes we express ourselves aggressively.
 But it's not anger.
 And, of course, the low vibration of people when the gaslights you.
 And sometimes, it's passive aggression.
 It's not direct aggression.
 When they gaslighting.
 That's why I say, just love them from a distance.
 Loving from a distance.
 You know what I mean?
 Life becomes so peaceful.


TikTok

 When you master not holding grudges for unnecessary reasons.
 That's, like, really no reason.
 You get to that certain level of peace, you can know when you did the inner work, love one.
 I know you know.
 When you did that inner work for real, you know exactly how I feel to not care.
 I hold no type of personal, no personal, emotional attachment to anything that somebody else do.
 I'm not matching your level.


TikTok

 If you feel some way about me, go ahead, feel that way.
 If you feel like I'm incorrect, I ain't bothered trying to correct me.
 You know what I mean?
 Because I'm so...
 I'm so on what I'm on, but I'm not really thinking about all that.
 Just living my life peacefully.
 I'm walking around authentically wishing everybody the same.
 I ain't gotta prove that I'm healed when I'm walking, feeling healed every day.
 I definitely ain't got time or energy to waste with an argument.


TikTok

 I don't never let my energy fall into somebody else's hand to be manipulated the wrong way.
 I understand how far I came.
 That just come with really healing.
 When you really heal, you don't blame.
 Just move how you're supposed to move and be how you're supposed to be.
 It's just real.
 It's a lot of people that feel like, since they move a certain way, since they move a certain way and they do a certain thing, they feel like everybody else should do that.


TikTok

 And this is how you know what's coming from.
 A selfish point of view.
 'Cause nobody should be forcing you. And if I was saying something to you, and you didn't get it, it's no reason why I should be mad that you ain't getting.
 Love, when I know you I know you know how I feel.
 to be healed.
 Really?
 To really be working on yourself, to really be grown, to really be abrasing, and cherishing everything that you learned along the journey.


TikTok

 I want to see somebody in a comment saying, I'm cherishing what I learned on this journey.
 And I'm healing myself.
 to the best of my abilities.
 We ain't comparing to others.
 We just healing.
 And when this video reach a page, loved one, make sure you save it.
 Repost it.
 Share it to 10 people, share it to as many people as you could think of.
 This is real authentic energy.
 Why not?
 Like it, in comic.
 And as always, I speak with love.


TikTok

 Keep the vibration elevator, elite go, the star seat.
 All right.
 Malitha just other knowledge.
 So, I mean, people have been...
 They have been putting all kind of poisoning everything, putting whatever, to make certain people look a certain way.
 to make them look unwell.
 It's hard to feel black, but it's not working wrong a lot on some people.


TikTok

 Um, and I mean everything.
 I don't trust nothing, but I don't trip.
 I gotta eat.
 I got to drink.
 There's somebody in a White House, not necessarily the White House, but a White House.
 That is mind blowing.
 That is, yeah.
 Only way to commit to crimes, they got an accident.
 Somebody got an accident, a battle.
 They thought they would make me their main girl.
 Drive me to the point of poverty.


TikTok

 Because it was getting tight for them.
 What the hit man never did it.
 They want me to pretty much die without respect, like, um... Like, like a prostitute.
 Like, you know, um... Many people want this person dead, all over.
 There's an old man, that's a judge, um, that pulls strings.


TikTok

 Him and another old lady have always looked at me.
 as a prospect.
 A lot, unaware of them.
 My biological parents are still alive.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 00:17
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

So I was right.
 When there was weird energy.
 about me going to her wedding.
 She wasn't expecting the little cousin meshy energy harvests have to be there.
 Confirmation.
 You heard that piercing in the background.
 You heard that.
 You heard it.
 And then also...


TikTok

 I'm not.
 I was like, I'm not understanding why she would want to do that when she's happily married, where husband, like, are you not getting fulfilled, that you got to sit there, and harass your little cousin, and literally try to take her eyes out through witchcraft?
 That's fucking crazy.
 And, like, as Sean, and then, like, they, like, something in the background set together.
 So they're trying to take my site for me together, they're doing witchcraft.


TikTok

 So they do witchcraft together.
 So again, it's kind of like giving one of those same thing my exes were doing where they're in a marriage to portray some sort of union, but neither one of them are probably... Either one of them are probably great.
 They're probably both actually right, and they just made a partnership.
 Was that concentrate? Was that a car horn?
 Did I just hear a honk?
 Anyway, dude, I'm not understanding why you would do that to your little cousin.


TikTok

 Like, that's like me wanting to stop forward motion for, like, Emma or, like, Casey, like, or, like, just everybody.
 Why?
 Why?
 Why?
 The fuck would you do that?
 And why are you literally trying to like, come through and literally take my physical sight from me?
 Like, I've already had cataract surgery, from I'm guessing this was you, all the spell work you've done, and that wasn't enough, so you're still trying to take my physical's eye from me, or you're trying to have me walk around here with one fucking eye.


TikTok

 Just because you're jealous of me on the low key, there's no fucking way.
 That there's, you can't tell me that's real life, that that's what you're doing.
 To your little cousin is trying to take her sight from her because you're you're behind the scenes jealous and you're part of this witch coven that you don't want anybody to know about.
 So you think taking a fucking eyeball from me is gonna stop from your fucking exposure.
 Like, what do you do?
 It's only made me sniff you out even more.
 What are you doing?


TikTok

 I kept ignoring every time the tattoo card come out because I'm like, what the fuck does this have to do?
 Then they're talking about my favorite cousin.
 I'm like, well, I don't really have a favorite cousin, but I, you know what I mean?
 And I can see, like, what is happening here?
 So either somebody's cloaking your energy, bitch, or this is you legitimately doing it?
 And the only confirmations I've gotten is when it says it's you, legitimately my cousin, doing it.
 Nobody's cloaking in you, it's you.
 And then you was trying to get that other reader to say my name, you was trying to get her to say Leanna so desperately.


TikTok

 And she said it, but then she said, your name right after.
 She said, Leanna, Leira, Laura.
 And I was like, oh, got him.
 Right.
 So if another reader said it, it's been confirmed when I'm saying it, right, right?
 Obviously, we got to call Duck a Duck.
 I'm not understanding here.
 Why you would want to fucking take my physical sight from me?
 Like what? I've never done anything to you. And you've been doing this shit all fucking day.


TikTok

 All fucking day.
 So obviously this must be something you do with the fucking salon, bitch.
 So if you still have a job as a beautician, I hope that shit is taken from you because what the fuck are you doing all day sitting there?
 What are you?
 Well, like, stay.
 I'm not understanding and is the both of you together doing this?
 So what the fuck is this?
 You know what I mean?
 Like, this is ridiculous.
 Leave me the fuck alone.


TikTok

 Leave me the fuck alone.
 Leave me alone.
 Stop trying to touch my fucking eye.
 You don't want to be caught.
 You don't want nobody to catch your energy, but yeah, you keep playing in my fucking face, literally, bitch.
 How goofy.
 What is wrong with you?
 And I should have known because I put picture you pulled up, shit, and the first minute I seen that photo, I was like, why the fuck it look like she wearing my energy?
 Like, I've never, ever felt like that by looking at another person's photo, and I was like, why the fuck?


TikTok

 Why the fuck? Is that my energy, bitch?
 Like, I never, now I understand.
 What the fuck, why, what's wrong with you?
 What is the obsession?
 Right, all fucking day, every fucking day.
 Leave me that you've been doing this for like 3 fucking days to a week.
 Leave me the fuck alone because you know it's gonna happen.
 Is it gonna be your site that's fucking taken from you?
 Stop doing that shit, bitch.
 Have some fucking common sense.


TikTok

 What the fuck are you 2 doing, bitch?
 And you're trying to be smart enough to fucking know if I'm God this far, right?
 He probably didn't even want to do this shit.
 He doing this shit with you.
 Are you probably lying about what y'all doing?
 Cut this shit the fuck out, bitch.
 321, let it go.
 You give divine love.
 And they just full of fake love.
 They don't know how to be genuine or know how to be real when you real, you being your authentic self and they want to compete with you.


TikTok

 And try to outdo you better than you.
 How you gonna outdo the original when you can't even compete with original? You you gotta fake it.
 You trying to fake it to make it type shit.
 They trying to fake it to make it crazy, trying to make trying to act like they sold this and that, try to, you know, put on that image, like, it's dead when it's not, like, no genuine, no not being genuine, not being authentic, not being they self-real, just putting on a show because that's all the thing they know how to do.


TikTok

 put on the show and just act on things, you know what I'm saying?
 You know how it is though, man, a lot of people around us, a lot of people around you just playing roles.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Just to try to make you be, you know, down on yourself.
 You know, send a text message so you can start what you're doing.
 But you're not gonna do that because you got things to do and you know what's up and nothing gonna work against you because you you.
 Hey, man, you see it now.
 Nothing can get past you, even you see things from afar.


TikTok

 They think they're doing stuff behind the scenes, but you seen what they did behind the scenes, you know?
 You can see what they did behind, so you can heal that dude behind the scenes.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, hey, man, it's not, it's not, it's, it's, you done got, you done transform after transformations, out of transformation, baby.
 Baby.
 You was the caterpillar, now you went turn into a beautiful butterfly now.
 man, come on, man.
 Come on.


TikTok

 Oh, my God.
 I don't know.
 I tell myself, float like a butterfly sting like a V.
 I don't know why that came to me.
 Okay, okay, okay.
 For a lot of water block, sing it like a bee.
 Okay.
 Because that what you do real time.
 Okay?
 You beautiful, but baby, don't get a twist, so you'll send their ass so hard.
 I ain't never seen nothing that stings so hard like a B-doo.
 The B gonna let you know, okay?


TikTok

 You vibrating low, that's where the bees don't go and you try them, they gonna let set it off and attack and sting that ass.
 Okay.
 Yeah, man, you full of divine love.
 And no, they show us fake love and be fake and try to take your place, man.
 That's crazy.
 I show y'all have a great day.
 You genuinely mesmerized people.
 You have this effect about you that after people meet you or they have encounters with you or even speaking with you, they leave just in shock of who they had just encountered.


TikTok

 Like, this is something that is very, just a very shock value.
 Like, this is something a once in a lifetime experience is what I'm getting. Like, this is a person like you is hard to come across, I guess, is what I'm more or less picking up on.
 And, you know, you have this really nurturing essence about you, okay?
 You are very mother nature.
 I'm picking up on, like your very just comforting, soothing, healing.
 Like this is something that maybe you are connected to nature more, maybe you feel more at ease when you're outside.


TikTok

 Maybe you feel more just in tune with yourself when you're around just nature is really what I'm picking up on.
 You have a sense of just enjoying simple things in life.
 Okay, you are so just happy and in bliss in the simplicity of the earth.
 And I'm also just really getting this just very divine feminine, divine feminine energy, okay?
 This is a very beautiful soul.
 Like this is someone a lot of people come to for help.
 Maybe you get a lot of people wanting your advice.


TikTok

 Okay, maybe you have really good advice.
 You have just shown up and shown out in the way that you live, you have so many lessons that you have learned from and a lot of people just really want that information that you carry.
 okay?
 They just don't think of it in a wrong way.
 I feel like maybe you can come off.
 Collective.
 It's like you hit the step back.
 Three point and it wouldn't end.
 And guess what?
 They was all like, you know how the movie playing in this slow motion?
 They was all happy like, yes, this nigga bought the mess.
 When they heard when they heard the shit hit the net, they like, man, he got lucky, man.


TikTok

 Yo, review the play, review the play.
 He shot after the clock went off.
 They reviewed it.
 It was still 2 more seconds on the clock after you released the ball.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 It was a buzzer beater.
 They ateing.
 They hating on that.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 00:19
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

So I was right.
 When there was weird energy.
 about me going to her wedding.
 She wasn't expecting the little cousin meshy energy harvests have to be there.
 Confirmation.
 You heard that piercing in the background.
 You heard that.
 You heard it.
 And then also...


TikTok

 I'm not.
 I was like, I'm not understanding why she would want to do that when she's happily married, where husband, like, are you not getting fulfilled, that you got to sit there, and harass your little cousin, and literally try to take her eyes out through witchcraft?
 That's fucking crazy.
 And, like, as Sean, and then, like, they, like, something in the background set together.
 So they're trying to take my site for me together, they're doing witchcraft.


TikTok

 So they do witchcraft together.
 So again, it's kind of like giving one of those same thing my exes were doing where they're in a marriage to portray some sort of union, but neither one of them are probably... Either one of them are probably great.
 They're probably both actually right, and they just made a partnership.
 Was that concentrate? Was that a car horn?
 Did I just hear a honk?
 Anyway, dude, I'm not understanding why you would do that to your little cousin.


TikTok

 Like, that's like me wanting to stop forward motion for, like, Emma or, like, Casey, like, or, like, just everybody.
 Why?
 Why?
 Why?
 The fuck would you do that?
 And why are you literally trying to like, come through and literally take my physical sight from me?
 Like, I've already had cataract surgery, from I'm guessing this was you, all the spell work you've done, and that wasn't enough, so you're still trying to take my physical's eye from me, or you're trying to have me walk around here with one fucking eye.


TikTok

 Just because you're jealous of me on the low key, there's no fucking way.
 That there's, you can't tell me that's real life, that that's what you're doing.
 To your little cousin is trying to take her sight from her because you're you're behind the scenes jealous and you're part of this witch coven that you don't want anybody to know about.
 So you think taking a fucking eyeball from me is gonna stop from your fucking exposure.
 Like, what do you do?
 It's only made me sniff you out even more.
 What are you doing?


TikTok

 I kept ignoring every time the tattoo card come out because I'm like, what the fuck does this have to do?
 Then they're talking about my favorite cousin.
 I'm like, well, I don't really have a favorite cousin, but I, you know what I mean?
 And I can see, like, what is happening here?
 So either somebody's cloaking your energy, bitch, or this is you legitimately doing it?
 And the only confirmations I've gotten is when it says it's you, legitimately my cousin, doing it.
 Nobody's cloaking in you, it's you.
 And then you was trying to get that other reader to say my name, you was trying to get her to say Leanna so desperately.


TikTok

 And she said it, but then she said, your name right after.
 She said, Leanna, Leira, Laura.
 And I was like, oh, got him.
 Right.
 So if another reader said it, it's been confirmed when I'm saying it, right, right?
 Obviously, we got to call Duck a Duck.
 I'm not understanding here.
 Why you would want to fucking take my physical sight from me?
 Like what? I've never done anything to you. And you've been doing this shit all fucking day.


TikTok

 All fucking day.
 So obviously this must be something you do with the fucking salon, bitch.
 So if you still have a job as a beautician, I hope that shit is taken from you because what the fuck are you doing all day sitting there?
 What are you?
 Well, like, stay.
 I'm not understanding and is the both of you together doing this?
 So what the fuck is this?
 You know what I mean?
 Like, this is ridiculous.
 Leave me the fuck alone.


TikTok

 Leave me the fuck alone.
 Leave me alone.
 Stop trying to touch my fucking eye.
 You don't want to be caught.
 You don't want nobody to catch your energy, but yeah, you keep playing in my fucking face, literally, bitch.
 How goofy.
 What is wrong with you?
 And I should have known because I put picture you pulled up, shit, and the first minute I seen that photo, I was like, why the fuck it look like she wearing my energy?
 Like, I've never, ever felt like that by looking at another person's photo, and I was like, why the fuck?


TikTok

 Why the fuck? Is that my energy, bitch?
 Like, I never, now I understand.
 What the fuck, why, what's wrong with you?
 What is the obsession?
 Right, all fucking day, every fucking day.
 Leave me that you've been doing this for like 3 fucking days to a week.
 Leave me the fuck alone because you know it's gonna happen.
 Is it gonna be your site that's fucking taken from you?
 Stop doing that shit, bitch.
 Have some fucking common sense.


TikTok

 What the fuck are you 2 doing, bitch?
 And you're trying to be smart enough to fucking know if I'm God this far, right?
 He probably didn't even want to do this shit.
 He doing this shit with you.
 Are you probably lying about what y'all doing?
 Cut this shit the fuck out, bitch.
 321, let it go.
 You give divine love.
 And they just full of fake love.
 They don't know how to be genuine or know how to be real when you real, you being your authentic self and they want to compete with you.


TikTok

 And try to outdo you better than you.
 How you gonna outdo the original when you can't even compete with original? You you gotta fake it.
 You trying to fake it to make it type shit.
 They trying to fake it to make it crazy, trying to make trying to act like they sold this and that, try to, you know, put on that image, like, it's dead when it's not, like, no genuine, no not being genuine, not being authentic, not being they self-real, just putting on a show because that's all the thing they know how to do.


TikTok

 put on the show and just act on things, you know what I'm saying?
 You know how it is though, man, a lot of people around us, a lot of people around you just playing roles.
 You know what I'm saying?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Just to try to make you be, you know, down on yourself.
 You know, send a text message so you can start what you're doing.
 But you're not gonna do that because you got things to do and you know what's up and nothing gonna work against you because you you.
 Hey, man, you see it now.
 Nothing can get past you, even you see things from afar.


TikTok

 They think they're doing stuff behind the scenes, but you seen what they did behind the scenes, you know?
 You can see what they did behind, so you can heal that dude behind the scenes.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, hey, man, it's not, it's not, it's, it's, you done got, you done transform after transformations, out of transformation, baby.
 Baby.
 You was the caterpillar, now you went turn into a beautiful butterfly now.
 man, come on, man.
 Come on.


TikTok

 Oh, my God.
 I don't know.
 I tell myself, float like a butterfly sting like a V.
 I don't know why that came to me.
 Okay, okay, okay.
 For a lot of water block, sing it like a bee.
 Okay.
 Because that what you do real time.
 Okay?
 You beautiful, but baby, don't get a twist, so you'll send their ass so hard.
 I ain't never seen nothing that stings so hard like a B-doo.
 The B gonna let you know, okay?


TikTok

 You vibrating low, that's where the bees don't go and you try them, they gonna let set it off and attack and sting that ass.
 Okay.
 Yeah, man, you full of divine love.
 And no, they show us fake love and be fake and try to take your place, man.
 That's crazy.
 I show y'all have a great day.
 You genuinely mesmerized people.
 You have this effect about you that after people meet you or they have encounters with you or even speaking with you, they leave just in shock of who they had just encountered.


TikTok

 Like, this is something that is very, just a very shock value.
 Like, this is something a once in a lifetime experience is what I'm getting. Like, this is a person like you is hard to come across, I guess, is what I'm more or less picking up on.
 And, you know, you have this really nurturing essence about you, okay?
 You are very mother nature.
 I'm picking up on, like your very just comforting, soothing, healing.
 Like this is something that maybe you are connected to nature more, maybe you feel more at ease when you're outside.


TikTok

 Maybe you feel more just in tune with yourself when you're around just nature is really what I'm picking up on.
 You have a sense of just enjoying simple things in life.
 Okay, you are so just happy and in bliss in the simplicity of the earth.
 And I'm also just really getting this just very divine feminine, divine feminine energy, okay?
 This is a very beautiful soul.
 Like this is someone a lot of people come to for help.
 Maybe you get a lot of people wanting your advice.


TikTok

 Okay, maybe you have really good advice.
 You have just shown up and shown out in the way that you live, you have so many lessons that you have learned from and a lot of people just really want that information that you carry.
 okay?
 They just don't think of it in a wrong way.
 I feel like maybe you can come off.
 Collective.
 It's like you hit the step back.
 Three point and it wouldn't end.
 And guess what?
 They was all like, you know how the movie playing in this slow motion?
 They was all happy like, yes, this nigga bought the mess.
 When they heard when they heard the shit hit the net, they like, man, he got lucky, man.


TikTok

 Yo, review the play, review the play.
 He shot after the clock went off.
 They reviewed it.
 It was still 2 more seconds on the clock after you released the ball.
 You feel what I'm saying?
 It was a buzzer beater.
 They ateing.
 They hating on that.
 Because it was, it was, it was off the, it was off dribble shot.
 You step back.
 Hey, they thought you wasn't nice like that.
 They thought you wasn't that good.
 They said you was only good for mid-ranges, bro.
 They didn't know you had limitous range, yeah.
 You know what I'm saying?
 They ain't know you've had that title score.


TikTok

 They didn't know you had that green zone, Anna.
 They didn't know you had that spot up shooter.
 They didn't know you had that.
 They didn't know you was that good.
 Until they came to the game.
 But they did, all they do is watch from the sidelines, though.
 You know what I'm saying?
 All they do is pop shit.
 I'm saying?
 All they do is run their lips.
 know what I'm saying?
 You ask them niggas, you'll complain, they're not trying to play.
 Niggas not trying to play.
 Because I believe like, it's a difference with you, because you don't, you are not the type to feel embarrassed.
 Like, these are the type of people that like to protect their reputation and their image.


TikTok

 they won't do certain things because they don't want to feel embarrassed or humiliated.
 They don't want to feel shamed.
 Like, you know, it's a girl right now that been looking at me the whole time I was in this store.
 But since she don't want to get rejected, because she may feel ashamed, she's not going to say nothing to me.
 She's just going to walk past me and hope that in hopes that I look at that as a him, she's trying to talk to me.
 No, bitch, say something. Because at that point, I look at that.
 no confidence.
 So why would I talk to you if you have no confidence?
 Because then you're going to be jealous of my conference.
 You going to be trying to be like, oh, if you think you are, you think you know everything.


TikTok

 I don't want to deal with that.
 So the fact that you're not confident, I'm not going to talk to you.
 But that just, maybe that's just, that's just her way of, way of trying to avoid rejection.
 Her way of trying to avoid shame.
 She don't want to feel the shame, the regrets.
 And it's like, I don't feel regret.
 like you know what I'm saying?
 Like, why are you regretting?
 like, I mean, rejection.
 I keep saying regret, rejection, rejection, rejection, rejection, rejection.
 If I ever grab meant to say rejection, I meant to say that.
 But I don't feel like that.
 If I do my job and I don't get a response or I get, I'm cool, I get, nah, I'm good.


TikTok

 I'm going to be all right, I'm good, fine.
 Like, I'm not going to say I'm good for it, but I'm like, oh wow, that's cool.
 Enjoy the rest of your day, man.
 You what I'm saying?
 You was beautiful by the way, but




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 17:19
PROMPT_DATA: The most dangerous form of exploitation is not theft. It is convincing another human being that their existence is an endless supply line.

An exploitative personality rarely begins by taking. They begin by mapping. They study your emotional patterns, your capacity to forgive, your resilience, your ambitions, your blind spots, and your thresholds. Every interaction becomes data. Every act of grace becomes a measurement of how much further they can extend their reach. They mistake your abundance for something they are entitled to consume rather than something you intentionally choose to share.

Their greatest illusion is believing your value exists outside of your awareness.

The instant you become conscious of the pattern, they experience something they cannot tolerate: psychological starvation. The resources they believed were permanent suddenly become inaccessible. What disappears is not your generosity. It is their unquestioned access to it. That distinction is devastating because it forces them to confront a possibility they have spent years avoiding: perhaps they were never powerful. Perhaps they were only standing in someone else’s current.

Everything that follows is an attempt to negotiate with a reality they cannot accept. They may manufacture confusion, provoke conflict, distort narratives, or test boundaries they once crossed without consequence. None of those behaviors restore what was lost. They are symptoms of a collapsing illusion. Their desperation is not evidence of strength. It is evidence that dependence has finally collided with a boundary.

They thought they were draining you. In reality, they were postponing the moment they would have to discover whether they could sustain themselves without living through someone else’s life. That is the awakening they fear most, because it leaves them alone with the one person they spent years trying to escape: themselves.

#theafrozen #theafrozenpsychoanalyst #wisdombeyondwounds #humanbehavior #discernment

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 18:59
PROMPT_DATA: There is a disturbing relationship between chronic lying and the collapse of a person’s relationship with reality. A lie begins as something they knowingly invent, but repetition slowly turns fabrication into a private belief system. They edit the past, distort the present, and anticipate the future through stories that never happened.

Eventually, they are no longer lying only to deceive others. They are lying to protect the unstable world they created inside their own mind. Contradictions feel like persecution. Evidence feels like an attack. Anyone who remembers the truth becomes an enemy because reality threatens the psychological structure holding their false identity together.

The insanity is not simply that they lied. It is that they expected reality to reorganize itself around the lie, then became increasingly unhinged when it refused.

#theafrozen #theafrozenpsychoanalyst #wisdombeyondwounds #humanbehavior #discernment

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 19:25
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

And all.
the whole vibe shifts.
 You add in your ¢2 and all of a sudden the whole conversation shifts.
 There's something about you and your energy where you are a refresher, okay?
 So I'm hearing that you get sent to both types of rooms.
 You get sent to the rooms that are already working because you are sent there to make them better, to enhance them, to take out any of the things that are not working in that situation, just to, um, I'm hearing like, preserve the sanctity of the situation, right?
 Like the things that are working in this life, the things that are God ordained, you are here to enhance them and to give the ideas to those in the group that don't really know how to keep it in that nice holy place.


TikTok

 Not saying that you need to be there, but saying that when you are sent there, it's for a reason.
 And for the rooms that do not work, you are sent there, and you might as well be a fucking wrecking ball.
 You take shit out, okay?
 Like, you will knock out a collective in one sitting just by being there, just by existing, just by asking your most natural questions, just by pointing out the things that seem right or not right, right?
 Because it's not like you're trying to sit there and be, uh, Nancy Nitpicker, right?
 You don't care.
 You could care less, actually.
 But the fact of the matter is, is that you have a natural essence for perfection.


TikTok

 You have a natural inclination to make things beautiful.
 And so, you know, if people are acting out of line, if there's this secrecy or like masks being worn in the situation, if there's some sort of illusion, you're the one that wafts it out real quick, okay?
 In a room where someone just shat a danky dank, Use, you light the candle, okay?
 You light the incense, you put the fan on, you open the door, you clear the space.
 That's just the kind of person you are.
 And this is something that your guides want you to know, not as a means of preserving this identity because we are not here to preserve any identity.


TikTok

 We are simply conscious awareness.
 Um, But the fact of the matter is, is it will help you to kind of lighten the mental overload that you get sometimes when you enter situations and you realize that everything's shifting around you.
 Like that can be a lot for a person because it's like, I'm just being me.
 I don't get why everything seems to, like, you know, have a reaction to me.
 And it's like, you're polarizing, babe.
 You're someone that is very light, very vibrant, you're very, really, very honest, and you're also very sharp.


TikTok

 So with all that combined, you're a weapon, bro.
 It is what it is.
 Like you're lethal.
 And so that may be why you find that some people don't really




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 19:34
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

And all.
the whole vibe shifts.
 You add in your ¢2 and all of a sudden the whole conversation shifts.
 There's something about you and your energy where you are a refresher, okay?
 So I'm hearing that you get sent to both types of rooms.
 You get sent to the rooms that are already working because you are sent there to make them better, to enhance them, to take out any of the things that are not working in that situation, just to, um, I'm hearing like, preserve the sanctity of the situation, right?
 Like the things that are working in this life, the things that are God ordained, you are here to enhance them and to give the ideas to those in the group that don't really know how to keep it in that nice holy place.


TikTok

 Not saying that you need to be there, but saying that when you are sent there, it's for a reason.
 And for the rooms that do not work, you are sent there, and you might as well be a fucking wrecking ball.
 You take shit out, okay?
 Like, you will knock out a collective in one sitting just by being there, just by existing, just by asking your most natural questions, just by pointing out the things that seem right or not right, right?
 Because it's not like you're trying to sit there and be, uh, Nancy Nitpicker, right?
 You don't care.
 You could care less, actually.
 But the fact of the matter is, is that you have a natural essence for perfection.


TikTok

 You have a natural inclination to make things beautiful.
 And so, you know, if people are acting out of line, if there's this secrecy or like masks being worn in the situation, if there's some sort of illusion, you're the one that wafts it out real quick, okay?
 In a room where someone just shat a danky dank, Use, you light the candle, okay?
 You light the incense, you put the fan on, you open the door, you clear the space.
 That's just the kind of person you are.
 And this is something that your guides want you to know, not as a means of preserving this identity because we are not here to preserve any identity.


TikTok

 We are simply conscious awareness.
 Um, But the fact of the matter is, is it will help you to kind of lighten the mental overload that you get sometimes when you enter situations and you realize that everything's shifting around you.
 Like that can be a lot for a person because it's like, I'm just being me.
 I don't get why everything seems to, like, you know, have a reaction to me.
 And it's like, you're polarizing, babe.
 You're someone that is very light, very vibrant, you're very, really, very honest, and you're also very sharp.


TikTok

 So with all that combined, you're a weapon, bro.
 It is what it is.
 Like you're lethal.
 And so that may be why you find that some people don't really want to spend time with you as much as, like, you used to hope that they would.
 Um, this is why you can't really stand in the crowd and like not stand out granted.
 sometimes you can't, right?
 Like you have this ability to cloak if you need to, spirit's always protecting you, always watching you, always making sure that the right eyes are on you and the wrong eyes are the fuck away.
 Um, But it's like you are so,


TikTok

 I'm hearing you're so malleable.
 You're so malleable.
 It's like you do this, but you're a silent killer at the same time.
 I'm seeing like this, um, like, you know, like someone who goes um, into a giant room full of people and it's like you just take out people and that no one knows it's you, right?
 And there's people just dropping like flies and you're like, No one knows it's you, though.
 And some people do, but they also know not to fuck with you.
 Um, and this is, again, none of this is like, you're bad.


TikTok

 You're doing things wrong.
 It's like, no, you silently, um, you silently get people in the jugular.
 Where you say, uh, uh, uh.
 What are you doing?
 That's not, that's not right.
 Don't do that.
 And they kind of feel slightly, you know, taken aback.
 Like, damn.
 She really saw me, you know, you have people, you know, thinking up late at night about you.
 Oh, that to say, you are fine shit, and you are not a problem.


TikTok

 Listen, dude, not everyone is gonna be able to be around you, right?
 It's like, it's the same thing as like, A tiger being in a room full of gazelles.
 They don't, they don't mix fully that way, right?
 And, and, uh, yeah, take this as it resonates, utilize your discernment.
 There's nothing negative about this reading.
 It's just solely like, listen, you're a heavy hitter.
 All right?
 We love heavy hitters.
 We love the heavyweight champs, right?


TikTok

 That's what you are.
 So the more you start to realize and embrace your leadership role, your ability to make waves with a simple, okay?
 You have that.
 So, with spirits getting at here is learn to wield it, learn to utilize it, and learn not to ever feel down about it ever again because anyone else's ideas or projections about what you're doing and who you are and how you operate and how the room is affected because you're there is simply a projection off of them.


TikTok

 Allow yourself the space and the place to play, to be yourself, and to never dim your light again.
 I love you so much.
 If you would like a personal, you know where to hit me.
 Okay, love you.
 Lord, I pray this reaches a man that's just trying to get better and really get closer to you, but feels caught up in the craziness of life.
 Like there's not enough time in a day to get everything done.
 And if that's you, I see you and I'm proud of you.
 And I'm glad God brought you here because this might be what you needed to hear.


TikTok

 This is called One Minute with God for Men, and it was made to be simple.
 Every single day, one page, a verse, a short message, something to keep your mind grounded and focused.
 And before you say you don't have time, it's one minute.
 Even in the middle of everything going on, you can read it in your car before work or at night when things slow down.
 No pressure, no long routine, just something you can actually stay consistent with.
 And that one minute can start shifting how you think, how you move, and how you show up.


TikTok

 So if you've been trying to build that habit with God, start small.
 I put it on the screen.
 And most of us, nigga, they know so much about us.
 Do you know that the class that you was the best at?
 You know what I'm saying?
 They would literally send motherfuckers there.
 They would put France there.
 funny as shit, all types of shit to distract you from your gift.
 Like, let me use myself an example.
 I didn't know I was good at art, designing and shit like that, right?
 But then it's like I peep game.
 I got to remember, old shit, like, bro, every time I was in art class and shit, niggas wanted to fight me in there.


TikTok

 All types of shit like, you feel me?
 nigga
 I remember I got into a whole bra with niggas in art class.
 You know what I'm saying?
 Niggas ain't never want to fuck with me in PE.
 You know, nigga, niggas, you know, I used to walk home, so, nigga, we could have got it going on anytime, and we all stayed in the same hood.
 You feel me?
 So that just let me know, like, most of these niggas were literally, bro, principalities literally work through folks, fam.
 And these niggas, some of these CIA agents, teachers, artists, they be knowing exactly who he is.
 So they be steering you away from what you need to do, fam.
 Like music too, music class, the most bushies to go with me in music.


TikTok

 You know what I'm saying?
 Like, peep game, y'all.
 The shit that you code at, they will literally send certain little motherfuckers, agents, bots that appear in kid physical form to push you away from what you need to do, man.
 It should get deep as fuck.
 They always been in on it, nigga.
 You feel me?
 They always been in on it.
 This shit is literally rigged, bro.
 literally.
 See, Derek Arma is... never being able to hide who they really are from you.
 You knowing what they're up to.


TikTok

 Never being able to convince you that they're a real one, that's their karma.
 is you seeing them clear.
 Down, not being able to fool you, is Derek Carmen.
 They is suffering because of that, because you were supposed to like them while they was destroying your life.
 You wasn't supposed to know what they was up to.


TikTok

 You wasn't supposed to know that they didn't come with you secretly.
 Now, you know, and you're moving accordingly, and that's their worst karma.
 That was their worst fear of, is you seeing them clear.
 I'll taste the gift bestowed and return a vessel.
 I am the one they chose.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Seems like he's always lurking
 When I turn around, searching for ways, he can dab it down.
 I stole every law that I have ever found.


TikTok

 They either gave up or 6 feet on the ground.
 Collective.
 Although you weren't trying to, you wasn't trying to do this, you stripped somebody of their power, respect, and authority.
 Now, those are the key things that you strip them of, power, respect, and authority.
 And you didn't do it again on purpose, but this is just what happened, right?
 And there were some little subcategories that I got.
 So it's power, respect and authority, but it's also their pride, their honor.
 Their dignity, their image, their little fake image, they're going around betray him.


TikTok

 And worst of all, their credibility.
 You single-handedly, like this person was looked up to like they out of truth.
 They say everything right and there's no reason to question them.
 But for the 1st time, and this person's human history.
 Um.
 We got to go verify that.
 Now when this person speaks, it is no longer gold.
 This person, when they speak, people now have to verify if it's true 1st before they take that word for it.


TikTok

 Listen, their word is not good anymore.
 You know how people used to say, uh, your word is your bond?
 Not for this person, not no more.
 Okay?
 So it can be in any situation.
 It can be in a romantic situation, a work situation, a community situation.
 For a lot of you guys, I've been talking to you about how these systems and these corporations and all of this corruption, all this stuff that be happening, they're coming down.
 And I was told today, and I could share with you, the reason why these systems are coming down.
 is because we're outgrowing them through consciousness.


TikTok

 A lot of the ways these systems were created or when people were coming up with ways to keep you oppressed, they were doing it in a time where that's what the norm was.
 They were able to measure the humans by their level of consciousness.
 Well, we outconscious the people who created the system.
 In other words, now we've come to a day and age where we're more spiritually high ranked than the people who created the Matrix.
 See, they never thought that they would come.
 And I, you got to take this how it applies and I hope I'm making sense.


TikTok

 You're stripping high profile people and corporation, all of that.
 Just stripping it of its dignity, honor, and credibility because your conscience, the level of your consciousness.


X

And... So...
I am frustrated.
 The reason I'm frustrated...


TikTok

That of the creator of the




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 21:53
PROMPT_DATA: Wtf is happening on august 12 there is a total solar eclipse, active meteor shower, and six planets in a straight line

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 21:56
PROMPT_DATA: Microphone

The branded vehicle is the owner of Skinwalker Ranch.
 It is the epicenter of all sorts of paranormal activity, UFO related activity, right there.
 It came right out of the mason.
 Whatever we're dealing with has the ability to manipulate equipment.
 The camera just went out.
 Reprogrammed very sophisticated system.
 That's crazy.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 22:13
PROMPT_DATA: Microphone

The branded vehicle is the owner of Skinwalker Ranch.
 It is the epicenter of all sorts of paranormal activity, UFO related activity, right there.
 It came right out of the mason.
 Whatever we're dealing with has the ability to manipulate equipment.
 The camera just went out.
 Reprogrammed very sophisticated system.
 That's crazy.
 And also causing acute medical episode.


Microphone

 He couldn't walk, he was symbolized.
 Is it alien or is it spiritual?
 Are we dealing with angels and demons or a portal?
 Think of an interstellar, a Stargate, an interstellar highway, potentially, that provides transit between dimensions or walls.
 Well, am I wrong?
 that the subplot to all of it is that there is a UFO under the mesa? That skin locker rant.


Microphone

 You brought in a rabbi, you did, like, a cabalistic prayer?
 He had a rabbitical chant that would open portals.
 You guys find a dire wolf, what is it, like, a java?
 It was a whole carcass.
 Darkwolves are from 125,000 BC.
 Did it time travel there?
 The fact that you have helicopters escorting some of these UFOs and UAP into the mountains,
 That blows my mind because then it's, like, not just...


Microphone

 it's a coordinator.
 Yes, between humans and the beings.
 Has anybody showed up to the ranch, where they feel one step ahead of you, and you're, you kind of just, you feel a little resonance, you see it in the eyes, and you're like, this person knows a whole lot, and we're kind of piecing it together.
 Absolutely.
 Here's the real, Jess. Yeah.
 We're being monitored.


Microphone

 Breaking Fugal, this is an honor.
 It was a long time coming, and it's a full circle moment for me having visited the ranch, but was it, four years ago?
 About four years ago.
 Indeed, it was right when we were in the middle of our public disclosure.
 building momentum, the documentary series, and bringing a diversity of individuals to the property to be briefed on the reality of the phenomenon, and what we were seeing at that time, and so much has happened since your business.


Microphone

 it was a privilege.
 It's my privilege, it's an honor, and, you know, I want to present you properly because most people in your position with your sort of, you know, with your money, with your resources, they're trying to make more money.
 Maybe comparing yachts at San Tropez.
 They're on a treadmill.
 Um, you know, uh, maybe they're trying to shake the world politically.
 in a very rare category of person who is really trying to discover the nature of reality.


Microphone

 And spending his resources is hard earned money in commercial real estate towards kind of, you know, figuring out the secrets of the universe.
 And so I think that is amazing, and that is a really beautiful thing, and I think, you know, your role model to a lot of people at home who are both industrious, but also curious.
 Well, I think it is part of my stewardship.
 And as I mentioned, in other forums, I consider myself the steward, not necessarily just the owner of Skinwalker Ranch, and as being a steward of this place, and these topics, to a degree.


Microphone

 I've tried to address them with the right, hopefully, level of humility and reverence and personal investment.
 I don't think there is another private individual on the planet that has invested more into these topics than I have over the last decade, and it's all in service to the truth.
 And hopefully sharing that truth with the public.
 don't believe I have a corner on that truth or that IP.
 I believe it is a public right and benefit to hopefully learn right alongside us.


Microphone

 We've used a documentary series as a primary vehicle, but also our web portal that allows people a 24 hour, 7 day per week.
 Look into the ranch.
 A lot of people don't realize, they can actually go online and be part of the investigation, 365 days a year, and we have crowdsourced, for the first time, frontier science efforts, like no other group, no other effort, and I'm quite proud of that effort.


Microphone

 We call them the insiders, our insider program, is one of the most exciting parts of our endeavor, because it's allowed other private individuals to participate, and to monitor what is happening at the ranch.
 That's amazing.
 And, you know, a testament to the transparency that you're trying to kind of imbue this whole effort with, to those that don't know, if you're living under a rock out there, Brandon is the owner of Skinwalker Ranch.


Microphone

I just want to say you've been there.


Suno

A fleeting touch of rivals, threads that time cannot replace.


Microphone

What time is it AM edition?


Suno

 Yes, I'm all right, Barbie, yeah.
This has always been you, you, you.


Microphone

For the paranormal, I love it.
 We have people show up all day, every day.
 Hey, my tribute.
 Yeah, it's it's funny.
 People come to the gates and they'll try to touch the gates so they'll get their photos.
 And, you know, there are some really good people all over the world that are asking the same questions.
 The same questions that have been asked for 1000s of years.
 You know, are we alone in the universe?
 You know, what is the nature of reality?
 Do we live in a divinely constructed, intelligently designed reality, and are there other beings or influences that are helping to shape for better, for worse?


Microphone

 that reality.
 Want to get into that? Four, I want to back up and talk about a path that you made in, I think, 5th or 6th grade behind the school.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what I'm talking about?
 I believe what you're referring to is me and my best friend, Chris Lee, he's a prominent doctor.
 He's, I think he's leading radiation oncologist in the country.
 He's up in the Pacific Northwest, and there's a partner in several clinics.
 Well, Dr. Lee or Chris Lee, who was my best friend in fifth grade, playing Dungeons and Dragons with me and taking karate.


Microphone

 He and I, one day, heard that there was a pack of cigarettes that was found on the playground, and, uh, everyone was in a, in a huff about it, and everyone was whispering about, Oh, who was, who was out smoking?
 on the playground, and we ended up being late to class, and talking about it in the boys' restroom, and we made a pact, and we shook on it.
 We made a pact that we would never smoke or drink, or what we call in Mormonism, or as members of the Church of Jesus Christ, the latter day saints, break the word of wisdom.


Microphone

 Python, Easter.
 How many man down here?
 You know that feeling where you're lying in bed when your brain sold money?
 All seto, besides something. Gently, very popular. Rest, okay, you'll find it calm, relaxing.
 This is the piece set over there, which rules this bilateral stimulation. It works on both sides, the biggest nerve, everybody in their back.


Microphone

 It's even answering.
 So you can just open up the app, and start, and forget about it.
 Best of all, they have programs for stress.
 We have focused, and either we have the notes, and we have 7 dog techs, and how they fall.
 for an excllicit discount.
 R!
 LinkedIn can't make your balls less fridgey, but we can help you find the job.
 Hi, everyone.
 welcome to the very bestition.


Microphone

 started.
 When you first load up the five minutes to train that, you'll see the co urge of view in front of you.
 That's this big area where you can edit all of your coke.
 If you swipe from the left to the right, you lighten up the fire with it.
 In here, you can see that I've got a whole bunch of co files, or seeing that, as well as some images.
 That's where you see it, like.
 Also, another thing to point out, be the examples of, that's a really good place to start, because the creator of the app has gone to the effort to write a whole bunch of interesting files, you can have a look at, to see how the different modules work.


Microphone

 Also, in the left, menu, you see the ad in file, down at the bottom left.
 If you tap it, you'll see the new menu. He can create a new script, then you can also import your photos from your capital role into the python needs to happen.
 I have a look at the new menu in the next video.
 Just going to cancel out of that.
 The next 10 to have a look at is the settings button and the settings menu.
 In the left menu, at the bottom, that you'll see, the gear iPhone, that you tap that, you get into settings.


Microphone

 Here, you can change the thing.
 I'm using the editorial thing, which you can find on the right.
 But it actually doesn't matter which thing you use, as long as you're comfortable with it.
 You can also change your code font and have a look at some of the other different settings you can change.
 Next, I'm going to show you the flavor.
 When you're actually editing your code, I'm just gonna go to the examples, I'm gonna run the game tutorial.


Microphone

 When you actually get into your code, you use the flavor to run through code. That, as if someone has loaded your app, using the button online, extract the dime screen cycle.
 You press this, you'll run your phone.
 To clothe it, just press the X into place.
 Force up the top right.
 Speaking of the top, right, you've also got a new tab, wasn't it?
 We get the plus on the top, right?
 If you press that, then you'll get a new tab.


Microphone

 The thing that I wanted to have a look at is the documentation menu.
 Turning to the documentation, and it looks like this, there's a few different things you can have a look at.
 So the first one would be the language tutorial.
 That shows you all of the different pieces of the Python language in general, which is used on the computer, and also on the iPad.
 If we go back... we can also see that there is a section dedicated to pythonist modules.


Microphone

 These at least modules are how you're going to make iOS specific apps within Python.
 The creator of both needs to create all of these modules for you to use, so you can go through and read about how they work, and there's plenty of examples. And also, you can't stop,
 not quite sure how a method or a function works or the attributes that belong to a certain object type, you can have a look at the dogs, and we'll have a look at that a bit later.


Microphone

 Next, we'll also have a look at the console here, because that's important.
 If you're in your code view and you swipe from the right towards the left, you open up the console.
 It's also another quick way of getting to the docks.
 In the console, you will say all the input and the output of your text based programs.
 The last thing I'm gonna show you is another positive...


Microphone

 When you're actually editing your code, you're gonna look like this, and this plus menu will be available to you. And here, you can have a look like all of the inbuilt images, sounds, and fonts.
 The cup, the pipe, and Easter.
 And there's also a colored tab.
 So, in the image of tab, you can see, you've got your own files, you've got packed all the heart, you've got puzzle paint heart.
 All of these are free to you.
 and free to use in your published apps, as well.


Microphone

 We've also got the sound effects in there.
 Colours, if you want to select a color and press insert, you'll get color code inserted, and also forms.
 When you get up to the point of using label loads and drawing text onto the screen.
 So that's just a little bit of intro to the interface of Pythonista and how it works.
 Next video will have a look at variables and making our very first app.


Microphone

.
 Hi, everyone.
 In this, I gonna to give you a time to the same
 How did you say gangs? Nice, nice, nice, and ten, like, like, how to crickette, how to support an NCS, right?
 Let's get done.
 Here we are, guys. I'm not sure, some pictures of soup.
 It's a little experience, but like, you know, it's like...
 Yeah, personally, possible.
 And they say... So, yeah, and and temple, like, slash animation.


Microphone

 That's the 10th level.
 It's so used to, I used to talking, like, other than for the sun.
 As you can say, it's whole bunch of.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 22:24
PROMPT_DATA: Microphone

The branded vehicle is the owner of Skinwalker Ranch.
 It is the epicenter of all sorts of paranormal activity, UFO related activity, right there.
 It came right out of the mason.
 Whatever we're dealing with has the ability to manipulate equipment.
 The camera just went out.
 Reprogrammed very sophisticated system.
 That's crazy.
 And also causing acute medical episode.


Microphone

 He couldn't walk, he was symbolized.
 Is it alien or is it spiritual?
 Are we dealing with angels and demons or a portal?
 Think of an interstellar, a Stargate, an interstellar highway, potentially, that provides transit between dimensions or walls.
 Well, am I wrong?
 that the subplot to all of it is that there is a UFO under the mesa? That skin locker rant.


Microphone

 You brought in a rabbi, you did, like, a cabalistic prayer?
 He had a rabbitical chant that would open portals.
 You guys find a dire wolf, what is it, like, a java?
 It was a whole carcass.
 Darkwolves are from 125,000 BC.
 Did it time travel there?
 The fact that you have helicopters escorting some of these UFOs and UAP into the mountains,
 That blows my mind because then it's, like, not just...


Microphone

 it's a coordinator.
 Yes, between humans and the beings.
 Has anybody showed up to the ranch, where they feel one step ahead of you, and you're, you kind of just, you feel a little resonance, you see it in the eyes, and you're like, this person knows a whole lot, and we're kind of piecing it together.
 Absolutely.
 Here's the real, Jess. Yeah.
 We're being monitored.


Microphone

 Breaking Fugal, this is an honor.
 It was a long time coming, and it's a full circle moment for me having visited the ranch, but was it, four years ago?
 About four years ago.
 Indeed, it was right when we were in the middle of our public disclosure.
 building momentum, the documentary series, and bringing a diversity of individuals to the property to be briefed on the reality of the phenomenon, and what we were seeing at that time, and so much has happened since your business.


Microphone

 it was a privilege.
 It's my privilege, it's an honor, and, you know, I want to present you properly because most people in your position with your sort of, you know, with your money, with your resources, they're trying to make more money.
 Maybe comparing yachts at San Tropez.
 They're on a treadmill.
 Um, you know, uh, maybe they're trying to shake the world politically.
 in a very rare category of person who is really trying to discover the nature of reality.


Microphone

 And spending his resources is hard earned money in commercial real estate towards kind of, you know, figuring out the secrets of the universe.
 And so I think that is amazing, and that is a really beautiful thing, and I think, you know, your role model to a lot of people at home who are both industrious, but also curious.
 Well, I think it is part of my stewardship.
 And as I mentioned, in other forums, I consider myself the steward, not necessarily just the owner of Skinwalker Ranch, and as being a steward of this place, and these topics, to a degree.


Microphone

 I've tried to address them with the right, hopefully, level of humility and reverence and personal investment.
 I don't think there is another private individual on the planet that has invested more into these topics than I have over the last decade, and it's all in service to the truth.
 And hopefully sharing that truth with the public.
 don't believe I have a corner on that truth or that IP.
 I believe it is a public right and benefit to hopefully learn right alongside us.


Microphone

 We've used a documentary series as a primary vehicle, but also our web portal that allows people a 24 hour, 7 day per week.
 Look into the ranch.
 A lot of people don't realize, they can actually go online and be part of the investigation, 365 days a year, and we have crowdsourced, for the first time, frontier science efforts, like no other group, no other effort, and I'm quite proud of that effort.


Microphone

 We call them the insiders, our insider program, is one of the most exciting parts of our endeavor, because it's allowed other private individuals to participate, and to monitor what is happening at the ranch.
 That's amazing.
 And, you know, a testament to the transparency that you're trying to kind of imbue this whole effort with, to those that don't know, if you're living under a rock out there, Brandon is the owner of Skinwalker Ranch.


Microphone

I just want to say you've been there.


Suno

A fleeting touch of rivals, threads that time cannot replace.


Microphone

What time is it AM edition?


Suno

 Yes, I'm all right, Barbie, yeah.
This has always been you, you, you.


Microphone

For the paranormal, I love it.
 We have people show up all day, every day.
 Hey, my tribute.
 Yeah, it's it's funny.
 People come to the gates and they'll try to touch the gates so they'll get their photos.
 And, you know, there are some really good people all over the world that are asking the same questions.
 The same questions that have been asked for 1000s of years.
 You know, are we alone in the universe?
 You know, what is the nature of reality?
 Do we live in a divinely constructed, intelligently designed reality, and are there other beings or influences that are helping to shape for better, for worse?


Microphone

 that reality.
 Want to get into that? Four, I want to back up and talk about a path that you made in, I think, 5th or 6th grade behind the school.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what I'm talking about?
 I believe what you're referring to is me and my best friend, Chris Lee, he's a prominent doctor.
 He's, I think he's leading radiation oncologist in the country.
 He's up in the Pacific Northwest, and there's a partner in several clinics.
 Well, Dr. Lee or Chris Lee, who was my best friend in fifth grade, playing Dungeons and Dragons with me and taking karate.


Microphone

 He and I, one day, heard that there was a pack of cigarettes that was found on the playground, and, uh, everyone was in a, in a huff about it, and everyone was whispering about, Oh, who was, who was out smoking?
 on the playground, and we ended up being late to class, and talking about it in the boys' restroom, and we made a pact, and we shook on it.
 We made a pact that we would never smoke or drink, or what we call in Mormonism, or as members of the Church of Jesus Christ, the latter day saints, break the word of wisdom.


Microphone

 Python, Easter.
 How many man down here?
 You know that feeling where you're lying in bed when your brain sold money?
 All seto, besides something. Gently, very popular. Rest, okay, you'll find it calm, relaxing.
 This is the piece set over there, which rules this bilateral stimulation. It works on both sides, the biggest nerve, everybody in their back.


Microphone

 It's even answering.
 So you can just open up the app, and start, and forget about it.
 Best of all, they have programs for stress.
 We have focused, and either we have the notes, and we have 7 dog techs, and how they fall.
 for an excllicit discount.
 R!
 LinkedIn can't make your balls less fridgey, but we can help you find the job.
 Hi, everyone.
 welcome to the very bestition.


Microphone

 started.
 When you first load up the five minutes to train that, you'll see the co urge of view in front of you.
 That's this big area where you can edit all of your coke.
 If you swipe from the left to the right, you lighten up the fire with it.
 In here, you can see that I've got a whole bunch of co files, or seeing that, as well as some images.
 That's where you see it, like.
 Also, another thing to point out, be the examples of, that's a really good place to start, because the creator of the app has gone to the effort to write a whole bunch of interesting files, you can have a look at, to see how the different modules work.


Microphone

 Also, in the left, menu, you see the ad in file, down at the bottom left.
 If you tap it, you'll see the new menu. He can create a new script, then you can also import your photos from your capital role into the python needs to happen.
 I have a look at the new menu in the next video.
 Just going to cancel out of that.
 The next 10 to have a look at is the settings button and the settings menu.
 In the left menu, at the bottom, that you'll see, the gear iPhone, that you tap that, you get into settings.


Microphone

 Here, you can change the thing.
 I'm using the editorial thing, which you can find on the right.
 But it actually doesn't matter which thing you use, as long as you're comfortable with it.
 You can also change your code font and have a look at some of the other different settings you can change.
 Next, I'm going to show you the flavor.
 When you're actually editing your code, I'm just gonna go to the examples, I'm gonna run the game tutorial.


Microphone

 When you actually get into your code, you use the flavor to run through code. That, as if someone has loaded your app, using the button online, extract the dime screen cycle.
 You press this, you'll run your phone.
 To clothe it, just press the X into place.
 Force up the top right.
 Speaking of the top, right, you've also got a new tab, wasn't it?
 We get the plus on the top, right?
 If you press that, then you'll get a new tab.


Microphone

 The thing that I wanted to have a look at is the documentation menu.
 Turning to the documentation, and it looks like this, there's a few different things you can have a look at.
 So the first one would be the language tutorial.
 That shows you all of the different pieces of the Python language in general, which is used on the computer, and also on the iPad.
 If we go back... we can also see that there is a section dedicated to pythonist modules.


Microphone

 These at least modules are how you're going to make iOS specific apps within Python.
 The creator of both needs to create all of these modules for you to use, so you can go through and read about how they work, and there's plenty of examples. And also, you can't stop,
 not quite sure how a method or a function works or the attributes that belong to a certain object type, you can have a look at the dogs, and we'll have a look at that a bit later.


Microphone

 Next, we'll also have a look at the console here, because that's important.
 If you're in your code view and you swipe from the right towards the left, you open up the console.
 It's also another quick way of getting to the docks.
 In the console, you will say all the input and the output of your text based programs.
 The last thing I'm gonna show you is another positive...


Microphone

 When you're actually editing your code, you're gonna look like this, and this plus menu will be available to you. And here, you can have a look like all of the inbuilt images, sounds, and fonts.
 The cup, the pipe, and Easter.
 And there's also a colored tab.
 So, in the image of tab, you can see, you've got your own files, you've got packed all the heart, you've got puzzle paint heart.
 All of these are free to you.
 and free to use in your published apps, as well.


Microphone

 We've also got the sound effects in there.
 Colours, if you want to select a color and press insert, you'll get color code inserted, and also forms.
 When you get up to the point of using label loads and drawing text onto the screen.
 So that's just a little bit of intro to the interface of Pythonista and how it works.
 Next video will have a look at variables and making our very first app.


Microphone

.
 Hi, everyone.
 In this, I gonna to give you a time to the same
 How did you say gangs? Nice, nice, nice, and ten, like, like, how to crickette, how to support an NCS, right?
 Let's get done.
 Here we are, guys. I'm not sure, some pictures of soup.
 It's a little experience, but like, you know, it's like...
 Yeah, personally, possible.
 And they say... So, yeah, and and temple, like, slash animation.


Microphone

 That's the 10th level.
 It's so used to, I used to talking, like, other than for the sun.
 As you can say, it's whole bunch of.


Microphone

 COVID, I think, to change size, habits, and change, orientation.

 in touch again, happens as soon as you touch it...


Microphone


 Next, I want to show you how...
 So, get rid of the pass, and we're going to make, now, this is my way.
 When you're creating all the pain, very good.
 Sometimes, you need to put a self don't... All that means that you studies, that you're allowed to use, that are very...


Microphone

 up there.
 touch
 This is a couple plus at the top, like to the street, the positive box.
 with your assets, and, uh, make sure people...


Microphone


 The next thing, which is the same position. So, you might learn to very self, just...


Microphone

 Oh, I think I've had a good initial, but...



Microphone

 But it does
 And then it's time to see...
 It's treat but there's no pain there's more.
 I think we're jealous target, painting, caused by implication for fast, strong willings.
 That's, that's really true.
 Down in 18 battalions, boutique fragrance is for your...


Microphone

 Oh, everyone, it is the, uh, I'm one of these, I said, I screwed, to tell us, like, friends and people, processes.
 Very old, I mean, order different tenants.
 is.
 Do that, swipe, feel like, it's supposed to be like, it's hard to have a message.
 then have the one that.
 So like
 I think that, what are they called? I said, why? I'm going to comply with a good trip. It's five minutes time here.


Microphone

 show you
 do anythingne.
 I usually out
 Next thing I want to show you how to do


Microphone

 We're
 Just bring it here with the city.
 Yeah, I think it's good.
 It's like show
 Where do you find the grand


Microphone

 I'm willing to hash it out for a while. That means, I'm learning the pricing, because...


Microphone

 question.
 And, aside, whatever, I'm not, it's a very...
 These are designed in the past, what is it?



Microphone

 which content is fination.
 We haven't actually been able to, to, to, to...
 So whenever you try attitude space space.


Microphone

 Finally, we don't have a good look at the stables. I'm going to start.


Microphone

 There's the night points, I think. So, it's really comparing to space together for 3 members.
 I think to make sure that, because of the time.
 be nice enough, right?
 Whereas, the single people is, is always sunny, again.
 Also, it makes me comments. I mean, it's like shaving, and then texting...
 So I listen to the movie, and then I see it.
 and there this one


Microphone

 So what happens is it has.
 I think, as their choice, then we find some good choice. It's not interesting, because it's, it's, that, it's, it's, it's,


Microphone

 The scientist predicted that by 2030, every American will have their own broadcast.
 Not a podcast, that would be sad weekly.
 Oh.
 loud.
 You have to be big.
 It's one of the hardest truths to face.
 It's really damn evidence.
 I thought this is becauseal
 Leave the cock, sweets, mother.


Microphone

 The town of Monte Rio, California, is a nestle, Russian river, area bass, redwood trees.
 So you can pull the town, maybe, some good size.
 with fewer than 1,200 residents.
 What, like, I mentioned, every single, like, two weeks of July, the population. That was, like, triples.
 That's what it gave place. The visitors to say, so 2700 acres of private will are in Cape Rams.
 Oh.


Microphone

 into a towering tree of property is the likes of St. John of Nepal.
 He raises a inner to his lips to war, and all of whom enter, what happens here?
 And, like, John, I've never one died, keeping the sins of the Queen of Bohemia as secret.




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 22:25
PROMPT_DATA: Microphone

The branded vehicle is the owner of Skinwalker Ranch.
 It is the epicenter of all sorts of paranormal activity, UFO related activity, right there.
 It came right out of the mason.
 Whatever we're dealing with has the ability to manipulate equipment.
 The camera just went out.
 Reprogrammed very sophisticated system.
 That's crazy.
 And also causing acute medical episode.


Microphone

 He couldn't walk, he was symbolized.
 Is it alien or is it spiritual?
 Are we dealing with angels and demons or a portal?
 Think of an interstellar, a Stargate, an interstellar highway, potentially, that provides transit between dimensions or walls.
 Well, am I wrong?
 that the subplot to all of it is that there is a UFO under the mesa? That skin locker rant.


Microphone

 You brought in a rabbi, you did, like, a cabalistic prayer?
 He had a rabbitical chant that would open portals.
 You guys find a dire wolf, what is it, like, a java?
 It was a whole carcass.
 Darkwolves are from 125,000 BC.
 Did it time travel there?
 The fact that you have helicopters escorting some of these UFOs and UAP into the mountains,
 That blows my mind because then it's, like, not just...


Microphone

 it's a coordinator.
 Yes, between humans and the beings.
 Has anybody showed up to the ranch, where they feel one step ahead of you, and you're, you kind of just, you feel a little resonance, you see it in the eyes, and you're like, this person knows a whole lot, and we're kind of piecing it together.
 Absolutely.
 Here's the real, Jess. Yeah.
 We're being monitored.


Microphone

 Breaking Fugal, this is an honor.
 It was a long time coming, and it's a full circle moment for me having visited the ranch, but was it, four years ago?
 About four years ago.
 Indeed, it was right when we were in the middle of our public disclosure.
 building momentum, the documentary series, and bringing a diversity of individuals to the property to be briefed on the reality of the phenomenon, and what we were seeing at that time, and so much has happened since your business.


Microphone

 it was a privilege.
 It's my privilege, it's an honor, and, you know, I want to present you properly because most people in your position with your sort of, you know, with your money, with your resources, they're trying to make more money.
 Maybe comparing yachts at San Tropez.
 They're on a treadmill.
 Um, you know, uh, maybe they're trying to shake the world politically.
 in a very rare category of person who is really trying to discover the nature of reality.


Microphone

 And spending his resources is hard earned money in commercial real estate towards kind of, you know, figuring out the secrets of the universe.
 And so I think that is amazing, and that is a really beautiful thing, and I think, you know, your role model to a lot of people at home who are both industrious, but also curious.
 Well, I think it is part of my stewardship.
 And as I mentioned, in other forums, I consider myself the steward, not necessarily just the owner of Skinwalker Ranch, and as being a steward of this place, and these topics, to a degree.


Microphone

 I've tried to address them with the right, hopefully, level of humility and reverence and personal investment.
 I don't think there is another private individual on the planet that has invested more into these topics than I have over the last decade, and it's all in service to the truth.
 And hopefully sharing that truth with the public.
 don't believe I have a corner on that truth or that IP.
 I believe it is a public right and benefit to hopefully learn right alongside us.


Microphone

 We've used a documentary series as a primary vehicle, but also our web portal that allows people a 24 hour, 7 day per week.
 Look into the ranch.
 A lot of people don't realize, they can actually go online and be part of the investigation, 365 days a year, and we have crowdsourced, for the first time, frontier science efforts, like no other group, no other effort, and I'm quite proud of that effort.


Microphone

 We call them the insiders, our insider program, is one of the most exciting parts of our endeavor, because it's allowed other private individuals to participate, and to monitor what is happening at the ranch.
 That's amazing.
 And, you know, a testament to the transparency that you're trying to kind of imbue this whole effort with, to those that don't know, if you're living under a rock out there, Brandon is the owner of Skinwalker Ranch.


Microphone

I just want to say you've been there.


Suno

A fleeting touch of rivals, threads that time cannot replace.


Microphone

What time is it AM edition?


Suno

 Yes, I'm all right, Barbie, yeah.
This has always been you, you, you.


Microphone

For the paranormal, I love it.
 We have people show up all day, every day.
 Hey, my tribute.
 Yeah, it's it's funny.
 People come to the gates and they'll try to touch the gates so they'll get their photos.
 And, you know, there are some really good people all over the world that are asking the same questions.
 The same questions that have been asked for 1000s of years.
 You know, are we alone in the universe?
 You know, what is the nature of reality?
 Do we live in a divinely constructed, intelligently designed reality, and are there other beings or influences that are helping to shape for better, for worse?


Microphone

 that reality.
 Want to get into that? Four, I want to back up and talk about a path that you made in, I think, 5th or 6th grade behind the school.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what I'm talking about?
 I believe what you're referring to is me and my best friend, Chris Lee, he's a prominent doctor.
 He's, I think he's leading radiation oncologist in the country.
 He's up in the Pacific Northwest, and there's a partner in several clinics.
 Well, Dr. Lee or Chris Lee, who was my best friend in fifth grade, playing Dungeons and Dragons with me and taking karate.


Microphone

 He and I, one day, heard that there was a pack of cigarettes that was found on the playground, and, uh, everyone was in a, in a huff about it, and everyone was whispering about, Oh, who was, who was out smoking?
 on the playground, and we ended up being late to class, and talking about it in the boys' restroom, and we made a pact, and we shook on it.
 We made a pact that we would never smoke or drink, or what we call in Mormonism, or as members of the Church of Jesus Christ, the latter day saints, break the word of wisdom.


Microphone

 Python, Easter.
 How many man down here?
 You know that feeling where you're lying in bed when your brain sold money?
 All seto, besides something. Gently, very popular. Rest, okay, you'll find it calm, relaxing.
 This is the piece set over there, which rules this bilateral stimulation. It works on both sides, the biggest nerve, everybody in their back.


Microphone

 It's even answering.
 So you can just open up the app, and start, and forget about it.
 Best of all, they have programs for stress.
 We have focused, and either we have the notes, and we have 7 dog techs, and how they fall.
 for an excllicit discount.
 R!
 LinkedIn can't make your balls less fridgey, but we can help you find the job.
 Hi, everyone.
 welcome to the very bestition.


Microphone

 started.
 When you first load up the five minutes to train that, you'll see the co urge of view in front of you.
 That's this big area where you can edit all of your coke.
 If you swipe from the left to the right, you lighten up the fire with it.
 In here, you can see that I've got a whole bunch of co files, or seeing that, as well as some images.
 That's where you see it, like.
 Also, another thing to point out, be the examples of, that's a really good place to start, because the creator of the app has gone to the effort to write a whole bunch of interesting files, you can have a look at, to see how the different modules work.


Microphone

 Also, in the left, menu, you see the ad in file, down at the bottom left.
 If you tap it, you'll see the new menu. He can create a new script, then you can also import your photos from your capital role into the python needs to happen.
 I have a look at the new menu in the next video.
 Just going to cancel out of that.
 The next 10 to have a look at is the settings button and the settings menu.
 In the left menu, at the bottom, that you'll see, the gear iPhone, that you tap that, you get into settings.


Microphone

 Here, you can change the thing.
 I'm using the editorial thing, which you can find on the right.
 But it actually doesn't matter which thing you use, as long as you're comfortable with it.
 You can also change your code font and have a look at some of the other different settings you can change.
 Next, I'm going to show you the flavor.
 When you're actually editing your code, I'm just gonna go to the examples, I'm gonna run the game tutorial.


Microphone

 When you actually get into your code, you use the flavor to run through code. That, as if someone has loaded your app, using the button online, extract the dime screen cycle.
 You press this, you'll run your phone.
 To clothe it, just press the X into place.
 Force up the top right.
 Speaking of the top, right, you've also got a new tab, wasn't it?
 We get the plus on the top, right?
 If you press that, then you'll get a new tab.


Microphone

 The thing that I wanted to have a look at is the documentation menu.
 Turning to the documentation, and it looks like this, there's a few different things you can have a look at.
 So the first one would be the language tutorial.
 That shows you all of the different pieces of the Python language in general, which is used on the computer, and also on the iPad.
 If we go back... we can also see that there is a section dedicated to pythonist modules.


Microphone

 These at least modules are how you're going to make iOS specific apps within Python.
 The creator of both needs to create all of these modules for you to use, so you can go through and read about how they work, and there's plenty of examples. And also, you can't stop,
 not quite sure how a method or a function works or the attributes that belong to a certain object type, you can have a look at the dogs, and we'll have a look at that a bit later.


Microphone

 Next, we'll also have a look at the console here, because that's important.
 If you're in your code view and you swipe from the right towards the left, you open up the console.
 It's also another quick way of getting to the docks.
 In the console, you will say all the input and the output of your text based programs.
 The last thing I'm gonna show you is another positive...


Microphone

 When you're actually editing your code, you're gonna look like this, and this plus menu will be available to you. And here, you can have a look like all of the inbuilt images, sounds, and fonts.
 The cup, the pipe, and Easter.
 And there's also a colored tab.
 So, in the image of tab, you can see, you've got your own files, you've got packed all the heart, you've got puzzle paint heart.
 All of these are free to you.
 and free to use in your published apps, as well.


Microphone

 We've also got the sound effects in there.
 Colours, if you want to select a color and press insert, you'll get color code inserted, and also forms.
 When you get up to the point of using label loads and drawing text onto the screen.
 So that's just a little bit of intro to the interface of Pythonista and how it works.
 Next video will have a look at variables and making our very first app.


Microphone

.
 Hi, everyone.
 In this, I gonna to give you a time to the same
 How did you say gangs? Nice, nice, nice, and ten, like, like, how to crickette, how to support an NCS, right?
 Let's get done.
 Here we are, guys. I'm not sure, some pictures of soup.
 It's a little experience, but like, you know, it's like...
 Yeah, personally, possible.
 And they say... So, yeah, and and temple, like, slash animation.


Microphone

 That's the 10th level.
 It's so used to, I used to talking, like, other than for the sun.
 As you can say, it's whole bunch of.


Microphone

 COVID, I think, to change size, habits, and change, orientation.

 in touch again, happens as soon as you touch it...


Microphone


 Next, I want to show you how...
 So, get rid of the pass, and we're going to make, now, this is my way.
 When you're creating all the pain, very good.
 Sometimes, you need to put a self don't... All that means that you studies, that you're allowed to use, that are very...


Microphone

 up there.
 touch
 This is a couple plus at the top, like to the street, the positive box.
 with your assets, and, uh, make sure people...


Microphone


 The next thing, which is the same position. So, you might learn to very self, just...


Microphone

 Oh, I think I've had a good initial, but...



Microphone

 But it does
 And then it's time to see...
 It's treat but there's no pain there's more.
 I think we're jealous target, painting, caused by implication for fast, strong willings.
 That's, that's really true.
 Down in 18 battalions, boutique fragrance is for your...


Microphone

 Oh, everyone, it is the, uh, I'm one of these, I said, I screwed, to tell us, like, friends and people, processes.
 Very old, I mean, order different tenants.
 is.
 Do that, swipe, feel like, it's supposed to be like, it's hard to have a message.
 then have the one that.
 So like
 I think that, what are they called? I said, why? I'm going to comply with a good trip. It's five minutes time here.


Microphone

 show you
 do anythingne.
 I usually out
 Next thing I want to show you how to do


Microphone

 We're
 Just bring it here with the city.
 Yeah, I think it's good.
 It's like show
 Where do you find the grand


Microphone

 I'm willing to hash it out for a while. That means, I'm learning the pricing, because...


Microphone

 question.
 And, aside, whatever, I'm not, it's a very...
 These are designed in the past, what is it?



Microphone

 which content is fination.
 We haven't actually been able to, to, to, to...
 So whenever you try attitude space space.


Microphone

 Finally, we don't have a good look at the stables. I'm going to start.


Microphone

 There's the night points, I think. So, it's really comparing to space together for 3 members.
 I think to make sure that, because of the time.
 be nice enough, right?
 Whereas, the single people is, is always sunny, again.
 Also, it makes me comments. I mean, it's like shaving, and then texting...
 So I listen to the movie, and then I see it.
 and there this one


Microphone

 So what happens is it has.
 I think, as their choice, then we find some good choice. It's not interesting, because it's, it's, that, it's, it's, it's,


Microphone

 The scientist predicted that by 2030, every American will have their own broadcast.
 Not a podcast, that would be sad weekly.
 Oh.
 loud.
 You have to be big.
 It's one of the hardest truths to face.
 It's really damn evidence.
 I thought this is becauseal
 Leave the cock, sweets, mother.


Microphone

 The town of Monte Rio, California, is a nestle, Russian river, area bass, redwood trees.
 So you can pull the town, maybe, some good size.
 with fewer than 1,200 residents.
 What, like, I mentioned, every single, like, two weeks of July, the population. That was, like, triples.
 That's what it gave place. The visitors to say, so 2700 acres of private will are in Cape Rams.
 Oh.


Microphone

 into a towering tree of property is the likes of St. John of Nepal.
 He raises a inner to his lips to war, and all of whom enter, what happens here?
 And, like, John, I've never one died, keeping the sins of the Queen of Bohemia as secret.
 And he wants to play the role.
 should be willing to donate, to keep it serious.


Microphone

 I just want to leave... This year, according to reports,
 It involves up to 2,000 of the planet's most influential men running through the Redwood Forest, drinking, you know, plays, carrying out rituals, smoking scars, all while decided in the future.
 Wellare podcast like new episodes came out you so you' listening on the Spotify now swipe up and give us your thoughts or check some Instagram and Apple




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-02 23:05
PROMPT_DATA: import ui
import math
import datetime
import json
import os
import clipboard
import console
import random
import re
import requests
import io
import uuid
from PIL import Image

# --- CONFIGURATION: FILTERED DATABASES & TARGETS ---
LOG_FILE = 'Mission_Profile_2026.txt'
PROPHECY_FILE = 'Prophecy_Archive.txt'
X_FEED_FILE = 'X_Feed_Cache.txt'
FB_FILE = 'Facebook_Archive.txt'
ASSETS_DIR = 'Mission_Assets'

if not os.path.exists(ASSETS_DIR):
    os.makedirs(ASSETS_DIR)

def clean_and_filter_text(raw_text):
    """Filters out raw source code, boilerplate scripts, and non-relevant items, presenting only relevant captured data."""
    if not raw_text:
        return ""
    
    blocks = re.split(r'(?:={3,}|-{3,})', raw_text)
    filtered_blocks = []
    
    for block in blocks:
        block_stripped = block.strip()
        if not block_stripped:
            continue
        if re.search(r'(import\s+|class\s+|def\s+|print\(|#\s*---)', block_stripped):
            continue
        filtered_blocks.append(block_stripped)
        
    if filtered_blocks:
        return "\n\n--- [RELEVANT CAPTURE NODE] ---\n".join(filtered_blocks)
    return raw_text

def fetch_external_tokens(filepath):
    """Safely loads external social stream lines if cached locally."""
    tokens = []
    if os.path.exists(filepath):
        try:
            with open(filepath, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                for l in f:
                    cleaned = l.strip()
                    if cleaned and not cleaned.startswith('TIMESTAMP:') and not cleaned.startswith('TARGET:'):
                        tokens.append(cleaned)
        except Exception:
            pass
    return tokens

def generate_multi_channel_prompt(source_mode):
    """
    Synthesizes prompts across Mission Profile, Prophecy Archive, X-Feed, and Facebook data streams.
    """
    profile_lines = []
    prophecy_lines = []
    x_lines = fetch_external_tokens(X_FEED_FILE)
    fb_lines = fetch_external_tokens(FB_FILE)
    
    if os.path.exists(LOG_FILE):
        try:
            with open(LOG_FILE, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                for l in f:
                    cleaned = l.strip()
                    if cleaned and not cleaned.startswith('TARGET:') and not cleaned.startswith('DATE:'):
                        profile_lines.append(cleaned)
        except Exception:
            pass
            
    if os.path.exists(PROPHECY_FILE):
        try:
            with open(PROPHECY_FILE, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                for l in f:
                    cleaned = l.strip()
                    if cleaned and not cleaned.startswith('TARGET:') and not cleaned.startswith('DATE:'):
                        prophecy_lines.append(cleaned)
        except Exception:
            pass
                        
    # Mode 0: Mission Profile & X-Feed Resonance
    if source_mode == 0:
        p = random.choice(profile_lines) if profile_lines else "Operational Baseline"
        x = random.choice(x_lines) if x_lines else "Butterfly Lattice"
        return f"[MISSION_X] {p} :: {x}"

    # Mode 1: Prophecy Archive & Facebook Deep Stream
    elif source_mode == 1:
        pr = random.choice(prophecy_lines) if prophecy_lines else "Quantum Soliton"
        fb = random.choice(fb_lines) if fb_lines else "Historical Memory"
        return f"[PROPHECY_FB] {pr} -> {fb}"

    # Mode 2: Quad-Channel Total Resonance
    else:
        p = random.choice(profile_lines) if profile_lines else "Matrix"
        pr = random.choice(prophecy_lines) if prophecy_lines else "Lattice"
        x = random.choice(x_lines) if x_lines else "Signal"
        fb = random.choice(fb_lines) if fb_lines else "Archive"
        return f"[QUAD_RESONANCE] {p} x {pr} x {x} x {fb}"

# --- BASE SUBVIEW WITH PROPER HEADER LAYOUT ---
class BaseSubView(ui.View):
    def __init__(self, title_text):
        super().__init__()
        self.frame = (0, 0, 390, 844)
        self.background_color = '#050505'
        
        back_btn = ui.Button(title='< Back', frame=(15, 30, 60, 30))
        back_btn.tint_color = '#00ffcc'
        back_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 12)
        back_btn.action = lambda sender: self.superview.remove_subview(self)
        self.add_subview(back_btn)
        
        lbl = ui.Label(frame=(85, 30, 160, 30))
        lbl.text = title_text
        lbl.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 11)
        lbl.text_color = '#00ffcc'
        lbl.alignment = 1
        self.add_subview(lbl)

# --- CORRELATION MATRIX MODULE ---
class CorrelationMatrixView(BaseSubView):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__('CORRELATION')
        
        self.tv = ui.TextView(frame=(20, 80, 350, 714))
        self.tv.font = ('Menlo', 11)
        self.tv.text_color = '#00ffcc'
        self.tv.background_color = '#111111'
        self.tv.editable = False
        self.add_subview(self.tv)
        
        self.compute_correlation()

    def compute_correlation(self):
        profile_text = ""
        if os.path.exists(LOG_FILE):
            try:
                with open(LOG_FILE, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                    profile_text = f.read()
            except Exception:
                pass

        prophecy_text = ""
        if os.path.exists(PROPHECY_FILE):
            try:
                with open(PROPHECY_FILE, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                    prophecy_text = f.read()
            except Exception:
                pass

        x_tokens = fetch_external_tokens(X_FEED_FILE)
        fb_tokens = fetch_external_tokens(FB_FILE)

        asset_files = []
        meta_data_list = []
        if os.path.exists(ASSETS_DIR):
            try:
                asset_files = [f for f in os.listdir(ASSETS_DIR) if f.endswith('.png')]
                meta_files = [f for f in os.listdir(ASSETS_DIR) if f.endswith('.txt')]
                for mf in meta_files:
                    mpath = os.path.join(ASSETS_DIR, mf)
                    with open(mpath, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as mfile:
                        meta_data_list.append(mfile.read())
            except Exception:
                pass

        total_assets = len(asset_files)
        total_meta = len(meta_data_list)
        profile_lines = len(profile_text.splitlines())
        prophecy_lines = len(prophecy_text.splitlines())

        report = []
        report.append("=== QUAD-CHANNEL CORRELATION MATRIX ===")
        report.append(f"Timestamp: {datetime.datetime.now().strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M:%S')}\n")
        report.append(f"[+] Mission Profile Density: {profile_lines} lines")
        report.append(f"[+] Prophecy Archive Density: {prophecy_lines} lines")
        report.append(f"[+] X-Feed Tokens Cached: {len(x_tokens)}")
        report.append(f"[+] Facebook Archive Tokens: {len(fb_tokens)}")
        report.append(f"[+] Total Visual Anchors: {total_assets}")
        report.append(f"[+] Bound Metadata Logs: {total_meta}\n")
        report.append("--- SYSTEM SYNERGY ---")
        report.append("• Multi-stream telemetry streams are active and bridged into visual synthesis.")

        report.append("\n--- LATTICE COHERENCE ---")
        report.append("Feedback loop stability maintained across internal execution logs and external social telemetry caches.")

        self.tv.text = "\n".join(report)

# --- VISUAL GALLERY MODULE ---
class GalleryView(BaseSubView):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__('GALLERY')
        
        corr_btn = ui.Button(title='Matrix', frame=(248, 30, 60, 30))
        corr_btn.tint_color = '#00ffcc'
        corr_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 10)
        corr_btn.action = lambda sender: self.superview.add_subview(CorrelationMatrixView())
        self.add_subview(corr_btn)

        import_photos_btn = ui.Button(title='+Photos', frame=(313, 30, 65, 30))
        import_photos_btn.tint_color = '#00ffaa'
        import_photos_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 10)
        import_photos_btn.action = self.import_from_photos_library
        self.add_subview(import_photos_btn)

        self.sv = ui.ScrollView(frame=(0, 75, 390, 735))
        self.add_subview(self.sv)
        self.refresh_gallery()

    def import_from_photos_library(self, sender):
        try:
            import photos
            img = photos.pick_image()
            if img:
                timestamp = datetime.datetime.now().strftime('%Y%m%d_%H%M%S')
                unique_id = uuid.uuid4().hex[:6]
                filename = f"{ASSETS_DIR}/Photo_{timestamp}_{unique_id}.png"
                img.save(filename)
                
                meta_filename = f"{ASSETS_DIR}/Photo_{timestamp}_{unique_id}.txt"
                with open(meta_filename, 'w', encoding='utf-8') as mf:
                    mf.write(f"SOURCE: iOS Photos Library\nTIMESTAMP: {timestamp}\nID: {unique_id}\n")

                console.hud_alert('Photo & Metadata Imported!', 'success', 1.0)
                self.refresh_gallery()
            else:
                console.hud_alert('Selection Cancelled', '', 1.0)
        except Exception:
            console.hud_alert('Photos Error', 'error', 1.0)

    def refresh_gallery(self):
        for sub in list(self.sv.subviews):
            self.sv.remove_subview(sub)
            
        y_offset = 15
        if os.path.exists(ASSETS_DIR):
            try:
                files = sorted([f for f in os.listdir(ASSETS_DIR) if f.endswith('.png')], reverse=True)
                for f in files:
                    img_path = os.path.join(ASSETS_DIR, f)
                    
                    iv = ui.ImageView(frame=(20, y_offset, 350, 180))
                    try:
                        iv.image = ui.Image.named(img_path)
                    except Exception:
                        iv.image = None
                    iv.content_mode = ui.CONTENT_SCALE_ASPECT_FIT
                    iv.background_color = '#0a0a0a'
                    self.sv.add_subview(iv)
                    
                    lbl = ui.Label(frame=(20, y_offset + 182, 280, 20))
                    lbl.text = f"{f[:35]}..." if len(f) > 35 else f
                    lbl.font = ('Menlo', 9)
                    lbl.text_color = '#888888'
                    self.sv.add_subview(lbl)

                    del_btn = ui.Button(title='Del', frame=(310, y_offset + 179, 60, 24))
                    del_btn.background_color = '#330000'
                    del_btn.tint_color = '#ff4444'
                    del_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
                    del_btn.action = lambda sender, path=img_path: self.delete_asset(path)
                    self.sv.add_subview(del_btn)
                    
                    y_offset += 215
            except Exception:
                pass
        
        self.sv.content_size = (390, max(735, y_offset + 20))

    def delete_asset(self, path):
        try:
            if os.path.exists(path):
                os.remove(path)
            base_path = os.path.splitext(path)[0]
            meta_path = base_path + ".txt"
            if os.path.exists(meta_path):
                os.remove(meta_path)
            console.hud_alert('Asset & Log Purged', 'success', 1.0)
            self.refresh_gallery()
        except Exception:
            console.hud_alert('Delete Error', 'error', 1.0)

# --- SWITCHABLE DATABASE VIEW ---
class SwitchableDatabaseView(BaseSubView):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__('DATABASE')
        
        self.seg = ui.SegmentedControl(frame=(20, 70, 350, 30))
        self.seg.segments = ['Mission Profile', 'Prophecy Archive']
        self.seg.selected_index = 0
        self.seg.action = self.switch_database
        self.add_subview(self.seg)
        
        self.tv = ui.TextView(frame=(20, 110, 350, 690))
        self.tv.font = ('Menlo', 12)
        self.tv.text_color = '#00ffcc'
        self.tv.background_color = '#111111'
        self.tv.editable = False
        self.add_subview(self.tv)
        
        self.load_content()

    def switch_database(self, sender):
        self.load_content()

    def load_content(self):
        target_file = LOG_FILE if self.seg.selected_index == 0 else PROPHECY_FILE
        if os.path.exists(target_file):
            try:
                with open(target_file, 'r', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                    raw_content = f.read()
                content = clean_and_filter_text(raw_content)
                if not content.strip():
                    content = "No relevant capture records found. Database filtered."
            except Exception as e:
                content = f"Error reading database: {e}"
        else:
            content = f"{target_file} not initialized."
        
        self.tv.text = content
        try:
            self.tv.content_offset = (0, max(0, self.tv.content_size[1] - self.tv.height))
        except Exception:
            pass

# --- CAPTURE & CONSOLE MODULE ---
class CaptureModuleView(BaseSubView):
    def __init__(self):
        super().__init__('INSPECT & DAEMON')

        self.tf = ui.TextField(frame=(20, 72, 350, 30))
        self.tf.placeholder = 'Enter custom prompt or leave blank for multi-channel mineralization...'
        self.tf.text_color = '#00ffcc'
        self.tf.background_color = '#111111'
        self.tf.font = ('Menlo', 11)
        self.add_subview(self.tf)
        
        btn_y = 108
        btn_w = 112
        btn_h = 28
        btn_x = 20
        
        cap_mission_btn = ui.Button(title='Cap: Mission', frame=(btn_x, btn_y, btn_w, btn_h))
        cap_mission_btn.background_color = '#001a1a'
        cap_mission_btn.tint_color = '#00ffcc'
        cap_mission_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        cap_mission_btn.action = lambda sender: self.action_targeted_capture(0)
        self.add_subview(cap_mission_btn)

        cap_prop_btn = ui.Button(title='Cap: Prophecy', frame=(btn_x + 119, btn_y, btn_w, btn_h))
        cap_prop_btn.background_color = '#001a1a'
        cap_prop_btn.tint_color = '#00ffcc'
        cap_prop_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        cap_prop_btn.action = lambda sender: self.action_targeted_capture(1)
        self.add_subview(cap_prop_btn)

        meta_btn = ui.Button(title='Metastasize', frame=(btn_x + 238, btn_y, btn_w - 3, btn_h))
        meta_btn.background_color = '#001a1a'
        meta_btn.tint_color = '#00ffcc'
        meta_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        meta_btn.action = self.action_metastasize
        self.add_subview(meta_btn)

        # --- MINERALIZE BUTTONS ---
        lbl_min = ui.Label(frame=(20, 144, 350, 14))
        lbl_min.text = 'Mineralize Channels:'
        lbl_min.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 8)
        lbl_min.text_color = '#888888'
        self.add_subview(lbl_min)

        min_by = 162

        min_mission_btn = ui.Button(title='Min: Mission+X', frame=(btn_x, min_by, btn_w, 28))
        min_mission_btn.background_color = '#003322'
        min_mission_btn.tint_color = '#00ffaa'
        min_mission_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        min_mission_btn.action = lambda sender: self.action_mineralize_source(0)
        self.add_subview(min_mission_btn)

        min_prop_btn = ui.Button(title='Min: Prophecy+FB', frame=(btn_x + 119, min_by, btn_w, 28))
        min_prop_btn.background_color = '#003322'
        min_prop_btn.tint_color = '#00ffaa'
        min_prop_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        min_prop_btn.action = lambda sender: self.action_mineralize_source(1)
        self.add_subview(min_prop_btn)

        min_mix_btn = ui.Button(title='Min: Quad Cross', frame=(btn_x + 238, min_by, btn_w - 3, 28))
        min_mix_btn.background_color = '#003322'
        min_mix_btn.tint_color = '#00ffaa'
        min_mix_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        min_mix_btn.action = lambda sender: self.action_mineralize_source(2)
        self.add_subview(min_mix_btn)

        sim_btn = ui.Button(title='Monte Carlo Resonance', frame=(20, 196, 350, 26))
        sim_btn.background_color = '#001a1a'
        sim_btn.tint_color = '#00ffcc'
        sim_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 10)
        sim_btn.action = self.action_simulate
        self.add_subview(sim_btn)

        self.status_tv = ui.TextView(frame=(20, 230, 210, 176))
        self.status_tv.editable = False
        self.status_tv.text = '--- QUAD-CHANNEL ENGINE ACTIVE ---\n'
        self.status_tv.font = ('Menlo', 9)
        self.status_tv.text_color = '#00ffcc'
        self.status_tv.background_color = '#111111'
        self.add_subview(self.status_tv)

        latest_img_path = os.path.join(ASSETS_DIR, 'latest_structural_anchor.png')
        initial_img = None
        if os.path.exists(latest_img_path):
            try:
                initial_img = ui.Image.named(latest_img_path)
            except Exception:
                pass
        
        self.iv_preview = ui.ImageView(frame=(238, 230, 132, 146))
        self.iv_preview.image = initial_img
        self.iv_preview.content_mode = ui.CONTENT_SCALE_ASPECT_FIT
        self.iv_preview.background_color = '#0a0a0a'
        self.add_subview(self.iv_preview)

        save_device_btn = ui.Button(title='Save Device', frame=(238, 382, 62, 24))
        save_device_btn.background_color = '#001a1a'
        save_device_btn.tint_color = '#00ffcc'
        save_device_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        save_device_btn.action = self.action_save_to_device
        self.add_subview(save_device_btn)

        save_btn = ui.Button(title='Unique Save', frame=(306, 382, 64, 24))
        save_btn.background_color = '#00261a'
        save_btn.tint_color = '#00ffaa'
        save_btn.font = ('Menlo-Bold', 9)
        save_btn.action = self.action_unique_save_image
        self.add_subview(save_btn)

        self.daemon_active = True
        ui.delay(self.run_autosync_daemon, 10.0)

    def run_autosync_daemon(self):
        if not self.daemon_active:
            return
        timestamp = datetime.datetime.now().strftime('%H:%M:%S')
        coherence = random.uniform(97.5, 99.9)
        autosync_entry = f"\n[AUTO-SYNC DAEMON {timestamp}] Quad Coherence: {coherence:.2f}%\n"
        
        try:
            with open(LOG_FILE, 'a', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                f.write(autosync_entry)
        except Exception:
            pass
            
        self.log_message(f"⚡ Quad Sync @ {timestamp}")
        ui.delay(self.run_autosync_daemon, 15.0)

    def will_close(self):
        self.daemon_active = False

    def log_message(self, msg):
        try:
            self.status_tv.text += f"{msg}\n"
            self.status_tv.content_offset = (0, max(0, self.status_tv.content_size[1] - self.status_tv.height))
        except Exception:
            pass

    def update_image_preview(self):
        latest_img_path = os.path.join(ASSETS_DIR, 'latest_structural_anchor.png')
        if os.path.exists(latest_img_path):
            try:
                self.iv_preview.image = ui.Image.named(latest_img_path)
            except Exception:
                pass

    def action_save_to_device(self, sender):
        latest_img_path = os.path.join(ASSETS_DIR, 'latest_structural_anchor.png')
        if os.path.exists(latest_img_path):
            try:
                import photos
                photos.create_image_asset(str(latest_img_path))
                console.hud_alert('Saved to Camera Roll!', 'success', 1.0)
                self.log_message("💾 Saved image to device photos.")
            except Exception:
                console.hud_alert('Save Failed', 'error', 1.0)
        else:
            console.hud_alert('No Image Found', 'error', 1.0)

    def action_unique_save_image(self, sender):
        latest_img_path = os.path.join(ASSETS_DIR, 'latest_structural_anchor.png')
        if os.path.exists(latest_img_path):
            try:
                unique_id = uuid.uuid4().hex[:8]
                timestamp = datetime.datetime.now().strftime('%Y%m%d_%H%M%S')
                
                unique_filename = f"{ASSETS_DIR}/Anchor_{timestamp}_{unique_id}.png"
                img = Image.open(latest_img_path)
                img.save(unique_filename)
                
                meta_filename = f"{ASSETS_DIR}/Anchor_{timestamp}_{unique_id}.txt"
                active_prompt = getattr(self, 'last_used_prompt', 'Unknown Prompt')
                with open(meta_filename, 'w', encoding='utf-8') as mf:
                    mf.write(f"TIMESTAMP: {timestamp}\nID: {unique_id}\nPROMPT: {active_prompt}\n")

                console.hud_alert('Saved with Prompt Log!', 'success', 1.0)
                self.log_message(f"💾 Saved Uniquely + Log: {unique_id}")
            except Exception:
                console.hud_alert('Save Error', 'error', 1.0)
        else:
            console.hud_alert('No Image Found', 'error', 1.0)

    def generate_mission_visual(self, prompt):
        self.last_used_prompt = prompt
        seed = uuid.uuid4().hex[:8]
        
        # --- BARE BONES STRUCTURAL DATA & CODE MATRIX ---
        clean_prompt = requests.utils.quote(
            f"raw algorithmic data streams, glowing binary ascii text matrices, hexadecimal arrays, mathamatically accurate, linguistic, scientifically accurate {prompt}, mathamatically possible"
            f"bare bones structural database architecture representing {prompt}, minimal dark terminal interface, electromagnetism aesthetic, digital archive,  "
            f"high-contrast green and cyan neon vectors, flat macro layout, 8k resolution, archive, one of one, Two-dimensional magnetic correlations and partial long-range order in geometrically frustrated with a single {prompt} coupling constant Extrapolating the precisely measured gauge,  seed={seed}"
        )
        
        url = f"https://image.pollinations.ai/prompt/{clean_prompt}?width=1024&height=1024&nologo=true"
        
        self.log_message(f"\n👁️ RENDER PROMPT (BARE BONES DATA MATRIX):\n{prompt}\n")
        try:
            response = requests.get(url, timeout=45)
            if response.status_code == 200:
                img = Image.open(io.BytesIO(response.content))
                img.save(f'{ASSETS_DIR}/latest_structural_anchor.png')
                self.update_image_preview()
                self.log_message("✔️ Raw data matrix mineralization complete.")
                console.hud_alert('Visual Rendered!', 'success', 1.0)
            else:
                self.log_message(f"❌ Link Error: {response.status_code}.")
        except Exception as e:
            self.log_message(f"❌ Interrupted: {e}")

    def action_targeted_capture(self, target_index):
        target_file = LOG_FILE if target_index == 0 else PROPHECY_FILE
        target_name = "Mission Profile" if target_index == 0 else "Prophecy Archive"
        
        try:
            img = clipboard.get_image()
            if img:
                timestamp = datetime.datetime.now().strftime('%Y%m%d_%H%M%S')
                unique_id = uuid.uuid4().hex[:6]
                filename = f"{ASSETS_DIR}/Capture_{timestamp}_{unique_id}.png"
                img.save(filename)
                self.update_image_preview()
                self.log_message(f"📷 Image captured: {filename}")
                console.hud_alert('Image Captured', 'success', 1.0)
                return
        except Exception:
            pass

        raw = self.tf.text.strip() or clipboard.get()
        if not raw or not isinstance(raw, str):
            self.log_message("Input Null")
            return
        
        timestamp = datetime.datetime.now().strftime('%Y-%m-%d %H:%M')
        formatted_entry = f"\n{'='*40}\nTARGET: {target_name.upper()}\nDATE: {timestamp}\nDATA: {raw}\n"
        
        try:
            with open(target_file, 'a', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                f.write(formatted_entry)
        except Exception:
            pass
            
        self.log_message(f"Captured to {target_name}.")
        console.hud_alert(f'Captured to {target_name}', 'success', 1.0)
        self.tf.text = ''

    def action_metastasize(self, sender):
        self.log_message("\n--- SYSTEM METASTASIS ---")
        resolutions = [
            "Quad-channel feedback loop synchronized across social archives and mission logs.",
            "Lattice node integrity verified across local storage registers.",
            "Structural continuity sustained without friction."
        ]
        thought = random.choice(resolutions)
        self.log_message(f"RESOLVED: {thought}")
        try:
            with open(LOG_FILE, 'a', encoding='utf-8') as f:
                f.write(f"\n{'='*40}\nMETASTASIS: {thought}\n")
        except Exception:
            pass
        self.log_message("✔️ Integrated into Mission Profile.")
        console.hud_alert('Metastasized', 'success', 1.0)

    def action_mineralize_source(self, source_mode):
        custom_text = self.tf.text.strip()
        if custom_text:
            target_prompt = custom_text
        else:
            target_prompt = generate_multi_channel_prompt(source_mode)
            
        self.generate_mission_visual(target_prompt)

    def action_simulate(self, sender):
        self.log_message(f"\n--- MONTE CARLO RESONANCE ---")
        self.log_message(f" > Quad-Channel Coherence: {random.uniform(98.1, 99.9):.2f}%")
        console.hud_alert('Simulation Complete', 'success', 1.0)

class HexNode(ui.View):
    def __init__(self, label, center, radius):
        self.label = label
        self.radius = radius
        self.frame = (center[0]-radius, center[1]-radius, radius*2, radius*2)
        
    def draw(self):
        path = ui.Path()
        for i in range(6):
            angle = math.pi / 3 * i
            x = self.width/2 + self.radius * math.cos(angle)
            y = self.height/2 + self.radius * math.sin(angle)
            if i == 0: path.move_to(x, y)
            else: path.line_to(x, y)
        path.close()
        ui.set_color('cyan')
        path.stroke()

    def touch_ended(self, touch):
        root = self.superview
        if self.label == 'Mission/Prophecy':
            root.add_subview(SwitchableDatabaseView())
        elif self.label == 'Capture':
            root.add_subview(CaptureModuleView())
        else:
            root.add_subview(GalleryView())

# --- INITIALIZATION ---
v = ui.View(background_color='#00001a')
v.add_subview(HexNode('Mission/Prophecy', (200, 150), 40))
v.add_subview(HexNode('Mission_Assets', (280, 240), 40))
v.add_subview(HexNode('Capture', (200, 330), 40))
v.present('fullscreen')

========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-03 02:36
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

The enemy can never have you again.
 The enemy can never have you




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-03 02:38
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

The enemy can never have you again.
 The enemy can never have you again, because God got you.
 Share this message if it resonates to you.
 The enemy can never have you again, because God got you.
 It seemed like you had to move worlds to get to this point.
 it was all worth it.
 Now, it's time to be rewarded.
 It's time to be rewarded, and you deserve it.
 Remember that.
 If this message reached you, share this message.


TikTok

 Be a blessing on top of a blessing.
 That's a walking blessing.
 Beautiful, so, beautiful, so.
 It's tour like major moves.
 Moop, moop.
 They're trying to figure out who's helping you.
 Who's shown you the way?
 Who's teaching you?
 And where are you getting all your information from?
 It's like, you're in the same room with them.
 They feel like you have a camera set up and you're watching them.


TikTok

 They can't believe that it's just you.
 And it's not just you.
 Of course not.
 You have God on your side.
 But




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-03 11:25
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

No, the fucking devil is crazy.
 This shit crazy, bro.
 Like, you know what I'm




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-03 11:27
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

No, the fucking devil is crazy.
 This shit crazy, bro.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, this shit crazy, bro.
 I promise you God, all y'all ass for to go through it.
 All of y'all ass, every single motherfucker on this fucking planet is about to go through it.
 And I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 Every person in this world is about to experience what you about to wake up and experience what you've really been going through, which where you really are.


TikTok

 You about to wake up and experience it.
 She hurts so bad, bro.
 This shit hurt my feelings, brother.
 She hurt my heart.
 Like, ever since I was fucking gay, I, ever since I went, whenever I gave my, my, my, my, all to y'all.
 That, y'all, whoever watch it, y'all know who, if you cross pads with me, it's been 100, nigga.
 been solid.
 nigga.
 Oh, every time, nigga.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 I promise you.
 The devil... this material world.


TikTok

 This material world, y'all.
 Go against the devil, and knowingly going against the devil.
 and watch what happens.
 It's worse than the, the, the, the times what racist was really racist.
 Like, you can go into, like, blacks and whites that were split up, and you couldn't go into white, and you black can go, you know what I'm saying?
 Like the signs up.
 Like, I'm so serious.
 It's deeper than that.
 Like, this motherfucker won't, I can't do shit.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Like, bro, you... You talking about magic, nigga.
 He talking about magic and myth.
 Nigga, this shit, boy, this is deeper than magic.
 Like, bro, like I...
 You got these bitch ass motherfuck




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-03 11:28
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

No, the fucking devil is crazy.
 This shit crazy, bro.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, this shit crazy, bro.
 I promise you God, all y'all ass for to go through it.
 All of y'all ass, every single motherfucker on this fucking planet is about to go through it.
 And I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 Every person in this world is about to experience what you about to wake up and experience what you've really been going through, which where you really are.


TikTok

 You about to wake up and experience it.
 She hurts so bad, bro.
 This shit hurt my feelings, brother.
 She hurt my heart.
 Like, ever since I was fucking gay, I, ever since I went, whenever I gave my, my, my, my, all to y'all.
 That, y'all, whoever watch it, y'all know who, if you cross pads with me, it's been 100, nigga.
 been solid.
 nigga.
 Oh, every time, nigga.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 I promise you.
 The devil... this material world.


TikTok

 This material world, y'all.
 Go against the devil, and knowingly going against the devil.
 and watch what happens.
 It's worse than the, the, the, the times what racist was really racist.
 Like, you can go into, like, blacks and whites that were split up, and you couldn't go into white, and you black can go, you know what I'm saying?
 Like the signs up.
 Like, I'm so serious.
 It's deeper than that.
 Like, this motherfucker won't, I can't do shit.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Like, bro, you... You talking about magic, nigga.
 He talking about magic and myth.
 Nigga, this shit, boy, this is deeper than magic.
 Like, bro, like I...
 You got these bitch ass motherfuckers under contract.
 And every attempt these motherfuckers go with and try to harm you, gets absorbed in that contract.
 Which makes your destiny that much stronger and that much secure.


TikTok

 It's kind of like... It's time it's for the money.
 Their energies get recycled into your growth.
 Because these bitch ass motherfuckers be trying to pull you down, but they only bringing you closer to where you need to be.
 It's beautiful.
 You have vine authority.
 And these motherfuckers can't stand it.


TikTok

 They can't, they can't stand your authority of David.
 Ah, Shay.
 See, that's a problem.
 That's why they don't like you.
 because even though it's raining, you could see through the storm




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-03 11:29
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

No, the fucking devil is crazy.
 This shit crazy, bro.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, this shit crazy, bro.
 I promise you God, all y'all ass for to go through it.
 All of y'all ass, every single motherfucker on this fucking planet is about to go through it.
 And I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 Every person in this world is about to experience what you about to wake up and experience what you've really been going through, which where you really are.


TikTok

 You about to wake up and experience it.
 She hurts so bad, bro.
 This shit hurt my feelings, brother.
 She hurt my heart.
 Like, ever since I was fucking gay, I, ever since I went, whenever I gave my, my, my, my, all to y'all.
 That, y'all, whoever watch it, y'all know who, if you cross pads with me, it's been 100, nigga.
 been solid.
 nigga.
 Oh, every time, nigga.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 I promise you.
 The devil... this material world.


TikTok

 This material world, y'all.
 Go against the devil, and knowingly going against the devil.
 and watch what happens.
 It's worse than the, the, the, the times what racist was really racist.
 Like, you can go into, like, blacks and whites that were split up, and you couldn't go into white, and you black can go, you know what I'm saying?
 Like the signs up.
 Like, I'm so serious.
 It's deeper than that.
 Like, this motherfucker won't, I can't do shit.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Like, bro, you... You talking about magic, nigga.
 He talking about magic and myth.
 Nigga, this shit, boy, this is deeper than magic.
 Like, bro, like I...
 You got these bitch ass motherfuckers under contract.
 And every attempt these motherfuckers go with and try to harm you, gets absorbed in that contract.
 Which makes your destiny that much stronger and that much secure.


TikTok

 It's kind of like... It's time it's for the money.
 Their energies get recycled into your growth.
 Because these bitch ass motherfuckers be trying to pull you down, but they only bringing you closer to where you need to be.
 It's beautiful.
 You have vine authority.
 And these motherfuckers can't stand it.


TikTok

 They can't, they can't stand your authority of David.
 Ah, Shay.
 See, that's a problem.
 That's why they don't like you.
 Because even though it's raining, you can see through the storm.
 You could see through the rain, and that don't scare you, because everything they did don't work.
 But you tried to told them.
 Now, God telling me.


TikTok

 I'd rather be with you, too.
 Yeah
 You are fucking gorgeous.
 And you aren't just some influencer or some celebrity.
 No, no, you're a light worker.
 You're a healer, a leader of new earth.
 You have found your inner beauty, so you may let it radiate.


TikTok

 Outward to the whole world.
 Because it no longer is feeding off of that external validation.
 It's fully self-powered, self-sufficient.
 It's a self-sufficient beauty.
 That not only, It not only protects itself, it grows with every moment.
 Every moment that you step deeper and deeper into your most authentic and vulnerable expression that radiate that beauty that radiates




========================================
TARGET: PROPHECY ARCHIVE
DATE: 2026-08-03 11:30
PROMPT_DATA: TikTok

No, the fucking devil is crazy.
 This shit crazy, bro.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 Like, this shit crazy, bro.
 I promise you God, all y'all ass for to go through it.
 All of y'all ass, every single motherfucker on this fucking planet is about to go through it.
 And I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 I'm standing on it.
 Every person in this world is about to experience what you about to wake up and experience what you've really been going through, which where you really are.


TikTok

 You about to wake up and experience it.
 She hurts so bad, bro.
 This shit hurt my feelings, brother.
 She hurt my heart.
 Like, ever since I was fucking gay, I, ever since I went, whenever I gave my, my, my, my, all to y'all.
 That, y'all, whoever watch it, y'all know who, if you cross pads with me, it's been 100, nigga.
 been solid.
 nigga.
 Oh, every time, nigga.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?
 I promise you.
 The devil... this material world.


TikTok

 This material world, y'all.
 Go against the devil, and knowingly going against the devil.
 and watch what happens.
 It's worse than the, the, the, the times what racist was really racist.
 Like, you can go into, like, blacks and whites that were split up, and you couldn't go into white, and you black can go, you know what I'm saying?
 Like the signs up.
 Like, I'm so serious.
 It's deeper than that.
 Like, this motherfucker won't, I can't do shit.
 Like, you know what I'm saying?


TikTok

 Like, bro, you... You talking about magic, nigga.
 He talking about magic and myth.
 Nigga, this shit, boy, this is deeper than magic.
 Like, bro, like I...
 You got these bitch ass motherfuckers under contract.
 And every attempt these motherfuckers go with and try to harm you, gets absorbed in that contract.
 Which makes your destiny that much stronger and that much secure.


TikTok

 It's kind of like... It's time it's for the money.
 Their energies get recycled into your growth.
 Because these bitch ass motherfuckers be trying to pull you down, but they only bringing you closer to where you need to be.
 It's beautiful.
 You have vine authority.
 And these motherfuckers can't stand it.


TikTok

 They can't, they can't stand your authority of David.
 Ah, Shay.
 See, that's a problem.
 That's why they don't like you.
 Because even though it's raining, you can see through the storm.
 You could see through the rain, and that don't scare you, because everything they did don't work.
 But you tried to told them.
 Now, God telling me.


TikTok

 I'd rather be with you, too.
 Yeah
 You are fucking gorgeous.
 And you aren't just some influencer or some celebrity.
 No, no, you're a light worker.
 You're a healer, a leader of new earth.
 You have found your inner beauty, so you may let it radiate.


TikTok

 Outward to the whole world.
 Because it no longer is feeding off of that external validation.
 It's fully self-powered, self-sufficient.
 It's a self-sufficient beauty.
 That not only, It not only protects itself, it grows with every moment.
 Every moment that you step deeper and deeper into your most authentic and vulnerable expression, that radiate, that beauty that radiates grows.


TikTok

 And in that, you, you shine as an example for the whole world.
 So continue to shine because Everybody can't help but put their eyes on you.
 It's an inexplicable beauty.
 They try to define your beauty.
 They tried to define the impact that you have on this collective, and they can't.
 It's impossible.
 Because your beauty is unlike anything this world's ever experienced.
 Your impact on the minds and hearts of others is unlike anything this world has ever experienced.


TikTok

 And that might sound daunting.
 It might sound like there's a pressure that comes with it, but no, no.
 There is a freedom that comes with



